Krish Naik: Okay, guys, am I audible? Now.
Krish Naik: just give me a second.
Krish Naik: This is, just give me a second. I'm just making sure that I have my materials.
Krish Naik: Hi Krish, have you shared any materials with us for today's class? Nothing. I've not shared.
Krish Naik: Okay, I'm not shared anything as such.
Krish Naik: So don't worry about it. Okay, at the end of the day it's all about learning things. Right?
Krish Naik: Okay? Perfect
Krish Naik: perfectos. Okay. Tell me, how are you all everyone? How was your studies class? How was your learning?
Krish Naik: Was it good? Was it bad?
Krish Naik: Yeah. Great.
Krish Naik: Okay, perfect. From today onwards we are going to start the practicals, step by step, each and everything. We'll be doing. Okay.
Krish Naik: So I hope everybody's super excited for that. Right.
Krish Naik: Hmm!
Krish Naik: To the batch.
Krish Naik: Great, great, great, great! Great.
Krish Naik: I'm just keeping everything set up. My setup is ready now.
Krish Naik: feeling little sleepy. I'm attending a class from Sweden. So here time is 4 30. What an amazing way of saying that. Okay.
Krish Naik: but yeah.
Krish Naik: say, at the end of the day we have to probably look for time. I know many people are from different different places. But don't worry I'll try to make the session interesting, so that the time that you have woke up should not be wasted from both our side. Right?
Krish Naik: Yeah, okay, okay, shall we start? Everyone.
Krish Naik: Yeah, to people.
Krish Naik: Just give me a second. Okay, just give me a second.
Krish Naik: Okay, guys. So now I will start sharing my screen and we'll start the session today. In this particular video, we will talk about what all things we are going to cover. Okay.
Krish Naik: just let me know if you are able to see my screen. Everyone.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: So today, in the agenda, we are going to do 2 most important things. 1st of all.
Krish Naik: thank you.
Krish Naik: First, st is that we will start using Vs code.
Krish Naik: Now in the Vs code, I will show you how to create your workspace
Krish Naik: and then how to probably create your environment.
Krish Naik: Okay, environment.
Krish Naik: Then the second thing that we are basically going to do is talk about pyrentic.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Pyramtic, pydentic. We are going to write some python code.
Krish Naik: and we are going to see that how Pydentic is really, really useful
Krish Naik: today. There will be some part of Pydentic. But as we go ahead and start right when we when we continue lang graph, okay
Krish Naik: in lang graph, then we will still write more pydentic code. Okay.
Krish Naik: once we probably go ahead and start today.
Krish Naik: we will cover that much which is basically required to understand things.
Krish Naik: And then we will continue the further part. So is the agenda clear?
Krish Naik: Yeah, yes.
Krish Naik: So we will try to do. Go ahead with this. Now, the 1st thing is that?
Krish Naik: Why do we need to create environments? Can anybody tell me, why do we require environments? So the 1st question is that
Krish Naik: when I am today starting something for you right? And we'll we are going to to go ahead and write codes, and we are going to use Langchain. We are going to probably go ahead and write code related to lang graph.
Krish Naik: So why do you think we should probably go ahead and start with this?
Krish Naik: Any idea?
Krish Naik: Okay, environments are really necessary.
Krish Naik: Okay, and it is always good that whenever you start anything, let it be a project
Krish Naik: right, let it be a projects.
Krish Naik: or let it be any kind of work that you're specifically doing.
Krish Naik: And let's say, in a company, if you're working right, you may be working in multiple projects right in a company, you may be working multiple projects. Let's say there is project one.
Krish Naik: project 2, right project 3. Right?
Krish Naik: Let's say, in this particular project one, you're using python version 3.1. 0, okay.
Krish Naik: like you started this project 2 years back. Let's say, here you are basically going to use python
Krish Naik: 3.1 2. Let's say, here, you're going to use python 3.1 3.
Krish Naik: This project has started very recently. This project has started one year back. This project has started 2 years back. Right
Krish Naik: now, with respect to developing any projects we have to make sure that, like in every projects we specifically use, right.
Krish Naik: Wow! Nice. So 1 1 person, Srivali Manda, have already got offers in Genai, and tomorrow is my joining date. Thanks to Krishnack Academy. This is good. And probably this is the 1st offer in this batch within the second day.
Krish Naik: Great, amazing congratulations. Shrivali. Okay, this is a really good news, motivating thing. But I will allow you to talk in some time, and probably yeah, you can just share your experience. Because this
Krish Naik: I will just allow you to talk just a bit, Sriva, so that we we know we people wants to just hear like how things goes right. Okay. So I will allow you to talk. You can just talk and
Krish Naik: just raise your hand freely. Once I'll be able to know.
Krish Naik: Okay, shitty. Okay, perfect.
Krish Naik: Yes, Rivalli, please go ahead once
Krish Naik: and talk about your experience, about your interviews, what all things they have asked.
Krish Naik: You are unmuted. But can you talk, Shivali?
Krish Naik: But I can. We can't hear you.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
sreevalli manda: Yeah, my own.
Krish Naik: Surely I think the voice is getting stuck.
sreevalli manda: Now is it audible?
Krish Naik: Yeah. Yeah. Please. Go ahead.
sreevalli manda: Hi Krish, thanks for the course and all. So because of you, I got this opportunity in interview. They have asked me, Nlp. Traditional nlp generative a. And especially as Intka. They have asked for me
sreevalli manda: so.
Krish Naik: You are. From which batch actually.
sreevalli manda: 1st to authenticate a batch and.
Krish Naik: 1 point oh, 1 point. Oh.
sreevalli manda: Yes, okay. Okay. Great great catch. Also, I enrolled.
Krish Naik: Okay, okay, okay, that in Lpn generative. AI, right? So.
Krish Naik: And what all things they asked you in the interview.
sreevalli manda: Yeah, I've asked me, Nlp, mostly. Nlp, traditional, what are different Nlp techniques? They have asked for me. And what agent case structure, what are different workflows? They have asked me, and can implement it with the aws.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
sreevalli manda: Yeah. And not only that, they have asked me more about pydantic
sreevalli manda: and land growth, especially landgroup. And they have asked me why you have chosen land growth.
sreevalli manda: we have more of flows and all.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
sreevalli manda: Because of state management is easy in the case of that's why.
Krish Naik: Hmm, hmm!
Krish Naik: So so whatever things we have taught in 1 point. Oh, that was sufficient right to probably get everything clear.
sreevalli manda: 80 to 90% sufficient.
Krish Naik: Okay.
sreevalli manda: I started, my Hi, Jenny, when you
sreevalli manda: started the computer vision class, I enrolled for computer vision, generative Ea, and.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
sreevalli manda: Also, and I am from the non 80 background.
Krish Naik: Oh, very nice.
sreevalli manda: In 9 months I'm able to get the offers. That, too, with the high package.
Krish Naik: Okay? And which place are you working right now?
sreevalli manda: I mean, tomorrow is my joining date. 9 months back. I resigned my job and concentrated on these classes only.
Krish Naik: No, no! In which location do you stay? I'm saying.
sreevalli manda: Whitefield.
Krish Naik: Whitefield. Okay, which company did you get the offer?
sreevalli manda: One is Samsung, and one is Acl listed.
Krish Naik: Wow! Nice, very nice congratulations. And are you? Are you going as a fresher or experienced person?
sreevalli manda: No experienced, only.
Krish Naik: Okay, how many years. Experience.
sreevalli manda: Have 6 years of experience, but.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
sreevalli manda: In the embedded system domain. But in the last 2, 3 years I have kept as a domain experience.
Krish Naik: Oh, right!
sreevalli manda: Try to clear the interview.
Krish Naik: It's okay. It's easy. If you concentrate more on these courses and practices and.
sreevalli manda: We'll definitely get. And the example.
Krish Naik: Okay. So do you think like, whatever things we have taught in Langara specifically me, I which I have taught in related to Langra.
Krish Naik: Most people ask could be agentic frameworks. But you thought lang graph is more than enough.
sreevalli manda: Even interview. People doesn't know more about Langruff also, whatever I said. Oh, they think that is correct, that's it.
Krish Naik: Oh, God!
sreevalli manda: People also, because when I went to outside, although spoke with many people, more or less, people know about Landruff.
Krish Naik: And.
sreevalli manda: Tick frame box.
sreevalli manda: Interface little bit tough compared to other.
sreevalli manda: Send them.
sreevalli manda: And whatever Paul, Sir said explained about pydantic phosphate. Yes, those are very useful.
Krish Naik: Hmm, hmm, hmm.
sreevalli manda: And what generative is, or Sunnis are, he explained. The basics very well.
Krish Naik: And.
sreevalli manda: Let me ask it in intern.
Krish Naik: Okay. Nlp, basics, right?
sreevalli manda: Yes, yes, and whatever Monos are explained about this pie touch, and all those.
Krish Naik: And.
sreevalli manda: Very useful, Krish.
sreevalli manda: Everyone in this Krishna.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
sreevalli manda: Academy. I'm very big, thankful to you all, and all because I changed my domain.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
sreevalli manda: Think for me.
Krish Naik: Oh, okay.
sreevalli manda: My package is very high. Yeah.
Krish Naik: Okay, how much hike did you get from the previous company?
sreevalli manda: Almost 30%. But it is okay. But it is non domain. I mean.
sreevalli manda: I'm not in the It domain. Am I just.
Krish Naik: -
sreevalli manda: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
sreevalli manda: But I'm really happy for that.
Krish Naik: So how many rounds of interview you had basically.
sreevalli manda: 2 rounds.
sreevalli manda: One round is just like a normal thing with the programming touch.
Krish Naik: No.
sreevalli manda: They have asked me all these things.
Krish Naik: Perfect. Okay, thank you. Thank you. Rewali. Great so, guys, this is just for your experience like, to just make you understand what all things they specifically asking them to.
Krish Naik: So thank you, Shivali, and congratulations. Okay,
Krish Naik: perfect. So let's focus on the learning now. But again, if you are practicing more and more, I think you should be able to easily crack any interview. Okay.
Krish Naik: okay, so here it is.
Krish Naik: When I'm talking about environment, see, whenever you are developing, you may be developing multiple projects. There may be project one, there may be project 2. There may be Project 3. Now, with respect to the projects, you may be developing it with different different version. Not only this right here, you may also use different libraries.
Krish Naik: Right? Let's say here I am specifically using lang chain
Krish Naik: here. I have dependencies on different libraries, let's say pandas
Krish Naik: numpy. So I will only install this specific libraries. I don't need to install every libraries over here. Right? Similarly, in 3.1 2. Here I will be requiring different different libraries. So we create a different workspace. We make sure that we have a different package, different environments. Right? So here I have environment one, I have environment 2. Here, I have environment 3, right?
Krish Naik: So these all environments are specifically there, right?
Krish Naik: And here, what you're able to do, you're able to manage the entire project in a very much easier way. Like today you are working in this project. So I have probably switched into this particular environment. This environment are like a virtual environments. Okay, so here in this virtual environment. All these packages will be installed right in this virtual environment. All these packages will be installed, and in this virtual environment all this specific packages will be installed right
Krish Naik: now. Say, if I'm working on Project one, what I will do, I will just go ahead and switch to this particular environment from my side, and I'll start working on this particular project. When I'm working on this particular project. I'll just switch into this particular environment, and I'll start working on this particular project. And if I'm working in this particular project, I'll just switch into this particular environment. I hope everybody is able to understand. Now.
Krish Naik: yeah, why environments are specifically required? Because at the end of the day you will be managing your projects in a much more easier way. So it is always a good practice that whenever you start working right, if you're working on a separate project, you always try to create a separate environment. Okay.
Krish Naik: today, we will show you how to go ahead and create your environment with the help of Conda. Right? I hope everybody has installed anaconda in their system, or Mini conda in their system. Okay.
Krish Naik: yeah. So let's go ahead,
Krish Naik: and step by step we will go ahead and do this, how to probably go ahead and do it. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, guys, what we will do over here is that, go ahead and create any folder that you want to go ahead and work on. Right?
Krish Naik: Let's say, over here, inside my E drive. I have created a folder which is called as agentic batch 2.
Krish Naik: So 1st of all, I will show you how you can go ahead and create an environment in your Vs code. Okay.
Krish Naik: so please go ahead. Go inside E folder.
Krish Naik: And in with respect to this particular e folder. Go inside any folder itself, right? Or you create your own folder.
Krish Naik: Okay, Neeram Gandhi, I've already told you right. Was it mentioned in the previous class like. If you do not have a conda, if you are not able to do it in a laptop. What you have to do?
Krish Naik: Yes, did we mention? Yes or no.
Krish Naik: You can also use UV okay UV UV packages. Was there?
Krish Naik: Yep, what all things were taught in the previous session related to installation. Everyone
Krish Naik: we can use python. Mv, right? So with respect to, if you're creating an environment using python, you have to just write python minus MV. And B. If you want to go ahead with using UV, you can use UV right. All the options are there. But today I will just go ahead with Conda. If you do not have Conda, try to use python. Okay.
Krish Naik: clear everyone. Yes.
Krish Naik: Just see the recordings. Everything is mentioned in the previous recordings, because that is the prerequisite that is required. Okay.
Krish Naik: perfect. Now, from this particular folder location, what I will do, I will just go ahead and open my command. Prompt. See?
Krish Naik: So from this folder location, I'm just going to go ahead and create my command. Prompt. Yes.
Krish Naik: I'm going to go ahead and create my command. Prompt.
Krish Naik: Okay, everybody has opened this.
Krish Naik: Yes.
Krish Naik: Come on, guys, python creating environment, how to create an environment. These all are these, all are basic things right? It need not be repeated again and again. But we spent an entire day.
Krish Naik: Okay for doing this, Shankar for Mac. You go ahead and open terminal from that location. Very simple.
Krish Naik: See, guys, we have taken the whole day, I'm telling you, for people who do not know python.
Krish Naik: Trust me, it will be very difficult for me to teach. So I will not focus on that much, because that are our prerequisites. Okay, now, how do I open a Vs code from this particular path. Tell me.
Krish Naik: how do I open a Vs code from this part? It is very simple. Code.
Krish Naik: Dot, right? I just need to probably go ahead and write code dot, right? So once I write code dot.
Krish Naik: so my Vs code will open. Do you see my Vs code opening right?
Krish Naik: This is my agentic AI batch to folder. And here you'll be able to see for Mac also it will be same. No Abhishe code dot.
Krish Naik: Okay, I'll not entertain comedy questions. Okay, clear everybody clear till here. Yes, yeah.
Krish Naik: Code, dot, will it work? Just code? Also, it's working code. Dot, you just do it because from that current working location. We are opening the workspace. Okay, code. Dot basically means from the current working location inside that particular folder that will be considered as the Workspace.
Krish Naik: Now let's go ahead and open my terminal. So this is my terminal
Krish Naik: for Mac there will be something called as Zs Zsh.
Krish Naik: here for windows. You can use. Cmd.
Krish Naik: okay for windows. You can use. Cmd.
Krish Naik: now, here, what we are basically going to do is that we are going to go ahead and write a command to create an environment. Okay.
Krish Naik: if you are having, if you do not have anaconda, use the python command, which has been already taught in the previous sessions. If you are 1st time, if you are working in the windows, I will show you the command. Okay.
Krish Naik: so it will be, Conda, create.
Krish Naik: Okay, minus P.
Krish Naik: The comma, the minus P. The venv is your environment name. And here I'm going to go ahead and write my python version. Let's say my python version will be 3.1 2, or it can also be 3.1 3. It is up to you, whichever you want to use. You can go ahead and use. But we will use the recent one, which is python 3.1 3. Okay, so here we have used a command, Conda create minus Pnv python, double equal to 3.1 3.
Krish Naik: Okay, so here, I'm just saying that, hey, go ahead and create a virtual environment with this particular version. That is python 3.1 3. Okay, I'll go ahead and press. Enter
Krish Naik: now as soon as I press. Enter
Krish Naik: Conda, create minus PV. And V. Python double equal to 3.1 2. Then it will ask me, Hey, do you want to proceed with the basic installation? I'll just go ahead and say Yes.
Krish Naik: y. And all the installation will take place. Now, in some time you'll be able to see that here A. V and V. Folder is coming up right on the left hand side.
Krish Naik: So here you'll be able to see that my Vnv folder is basically coming, and all the installation has been done. Okay.
Krish Naik: we have taken a full day, dedicated session of the installation, everything creating environments and all. So I think you should not have any problem. If you face any problem, please. I would suggest, revise the session, because this way the class will get disturbed. Okay.
Krish Naik: can we use Powershell or need to select a Cmd. You can also use Powershell, but I prefer Cmd because it is easy to use. Okay.
Krish Naik: so the command also, I will just go ahead and write, Conda, create minus P. Vnb. Python, double equal to 3.1 2
Krish Naik: or 3.1 3. Whatever version you want to write.
Krish Naik: go ahead and write. Don't copy and paste each and everything. Okay.
Krish Naik: we have option to create virtually, and we envy name. Then we can activate the environment. Yes, Simran, you can do that also. So that is the reason there are 3 to 4 ways, virtually. And we, you can use Conda. You can basically use python, Python, MV. And B. You can also use like that.
Krish Naik: It is up to you, whichever one way you want to use it. You go ahead and use it. I like anaconda. The reason is very simple, because it helps me to manage the package much more efficiently. There is also one thing like UV. I can also use that.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Raj. If you're facing Conda, not recognized, then please just watch the session because you have to probably watch the 1st session, then second session. Then, okay? Because all this kind of things have been fixed over there.
Krish Naik: Okay, I think you have not added that in your environment variable.
Krish Naik: Yeah, you can use python 3.1 3,
Krish Naik: Abhijit says, unable to access the previous recording, it is all available. Guys. Just go ahead and see the courses section, it is available there. Okay.
Krish Naik: clear everyone.
Krish Naik: So if anybody is facing any problem, you can also start with Google Collab, okay, in creating an environment. Just go ahead and start with Google Collab.
Krish Naik: Okay, now, once we go ahead and create an environment, do we need to activate this environment?
Krish Naik: Yes, because all the installation my library will be happening over here. So in order to activate what I have to basically write, if I'm using Conda, it is nothing but Conda activate. V, and V,
Krish Naik: okay, Honda, activate. Vnb, right
Krish Naik: now, this will be my like till I take everything like from Pydentek to lang graph each and everything. I will be implementing it over here, folder by folder. Okay, so I will not move from this, so that I will be able to share it directly to you.
Krish Naik: Yes. Vk, that is also correct. Okay, you can just copy and paste Vnv slash script, slash activate. Okay?
Krish Naik: If you have created by using python vnv and different other ways. Okay, Davshika.
Krish Naik: if you are getting, if anybody is basically getting, Conda is not recognized.
Krish Naik: and all. So you have to write. Conda, activate. Vnv slash. Okay, Raju.
Krish Naik: See if anybody is facing problem related to Conda is not recognized. Try to use other way like Python, and all because your your Conda is not recognized over there. Okay.
Krish Naik: otherwise you have to use other way where you can use python. You have to use python. Mvnv to create the environment? Or you can also go ahead with UV, okay.
Krish Naik: clear, shall we start?
Krish Naik: Okay? So in this today's session, what are we discussing about the 1st one is basically about Pydontic. See guys, if you're facing any problem related to environment and all, it's okay.
Krish Naik: you can go ahead and watch the second session. Till then you can also go ahead and directly implement in Jupyter notebook. Okay.
Krish Naik: okay? And you can also directly. Just go ahead and open Jupyter notebook like you can, you can open something like this just to go ahead and open Google Collab over here.
Krish Naik: Google Colab, right? And just start writing the code over here.
Krish Naik: If you have anybody of you are facing any kind of environment issues. Okay?
Krish Naik: So you can just go ahead and start writing the code over here because pydentic.
Krish Naik: you can independently write the code over here also. Okay, if anybody's facing any problem so that you don't disturb the class. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, there is a very important instruction that I really want to give for this class.
Krish Naik: When I am writing the code, you do not write the code. Okay, you do not write the code instead, see the code. What I'm writing clear.
Krish Naik: Please remember.
Krish Naik: yeah.
Krish Naik: what I'm saying is that when I'm writing the code, please. Your focus should be completely over here. Do not write any single line of code. When the coding is done I will share you the file, and then you can start writing the code clear.
Krish Naik: Okay? So this way, people will not have any kind of queries. They will just focus on the screen. Okay after the session. What you can do is that you can just go ahead and use the code, and you can just go ahead and execute it. That is what I'm actually going to write it down clear.
Krish Naik: Yes.
Krish Naik: Am I clear? Will you do this for me? Yeah.
Krish Naik: yeah, okay, perfect.
Krish Naik: Now let's go ahead and start this. Okay, we will go ahead and start the Pydentic class pydentic itself. Okay?
Krish Naik: And the best thing is that I'm also going to write. Go ahead and write some comments over here with respect to Pythontech. Okay, now, 1st of all, everybody focus over here. Focus over here. Okay. And
Krish Naik: I will just go ahead and start teaching you. Okay. So here this will be my intro, or I will just say, Hey, this will be my pydentic dot. IP, by Np file, okay.
Krish Naik: IP, by Nb, is nothing. But it is like a Jupyter notebook file. Okay? So 1st of all, I have to probably go ahead and select the kernel. So for kernel selecting basically means I need to go ahead and select my virtual environment. So I will just go ahead and select it. It is nothing but python 3.1 2.
Krish Naik: Now, here, 1st of all, I'm just going to go ahead and put some markdown so that I go ahead and create my definition.
Krish Naik: Okay, now, if someone asks you, what are Pydentic models? Okay, Pydentic models are the foundation of data validation in Python, they use python type annotation to define structure and validate data at Runtime. This is the most important thing. Here we are validating the data at Runtime. Okay? And now I will show you some of the code example and how you can basically work with respect to this. Okay.
Krish Naik: so
Krish Naik: for understanding what is exactly Pydentic. 1st of all, I will just go ahead and create a class. And I hope everybody may have heard about data class. Okay?
Krish Naik: So in Python we have something called as data class. Let's say, if I'm if I'm using any kind of Apis right? And with respect to that Apis, if I'm getting some kind of response.
Krish Naik: We have some set of fields. Let's say what I'm actually going to do. I will just go ahead and write from data classes.
Krish Naik: import data class. Okay, now, if you are familiar with python data class is specifically used as a
Krish Naik: decorator in order to create a class with some attributes. Okay, again, I'm repeating it. Data class is nothing. But it is a kind of decorator that can be used on the top of a class to define some attributes. So if I have defined from data classes, import data class, I will just go ahead and write like this as an act as a decorator data class, and I'll say, Hey, I'm going to use a class person. Let's say, this is my class person.
Krish Naik: Here. I will be defining some attributes. Name Str, okay?
Krish Naik: And then I have age.
Krish Naik: Int, okay, I have city as a steer. So here, what we are basically doing
Krish Naik: here, we are just creating 3 attributes.
Krish Naik: Okay, 3 attributes name, age, and city. Why, this will be important. Let's say that if I further create an Api, if an Api is coming as a response. We can assign those response value to this attributes. Let's say, one of the response, one of one of the get requests that I'm actually going to create in my Api is going to return 3 different attributes. Right? One is name, age and city.
Krish Naik: And whatever values is basically coming from the response, I need to probably go ahead and save it in some variables. Right? And that is what I've defined as an attribute inside this class. Okay? And for this, we have basically using data class over here. Okay, so if you just go ahead and see over here with respect to this here, you'll be able to see that. Okay, fine. This is really, really simple. Now, once I execute this, okay, once I execute this. So it is asking me, Hey, you need to probably go ahead and install the Ipy kernel package.
Krish Naik: So whenever you want to run the Jupyter notebook, you definitely require Ipy Kernel. But I don't have Ipy kernel over here. So how do I probably go ahead and install it?
Krish Naik: So now I will just go ahead and open my terminal. I'll go to my same command prompt. I will activate the same virtual environment. Okay? And here I will just go ahead and write pip, install
Krish Naik: i pi kernel. Now, why, I pi kernel is basically required. It is very, very simple. Okay.
Krish Naik: ipy kernel is required so that I will be able to have that particular kernel package which is responsible in executing every cell. Okay in the Jupyter notebook. So this is very much necessary. For one time you have to probably do this and just go ahead and install the ipy kernel.
Krish Naik: Yeah, Shirikan says, sir. Why, data class, I can create normal class with this attributes also.
Krish Naik: You need to understand what is the difference between data class and a normal class? Can anybody tell me what is the difference between data class and normal class?
Krish Naik: Why do we basically use data class. And why do we use a normal class?
Krish Naik: Just tell me.
Krish Naik: see if I go ahead and create a normal class. I definitely require in it a constructor.
Krish Naik: whereas in this particular case I don't require a constructor.
Krish Naik: Right?
Krish Naik: Do you see this? And please again again, I'm telling you all these questions are required in Python. Okay? So you need to be very good at Python for all these things. Okay, so this will be one question for you. Try to go ahead and find out what is the differences between data class and a normal class. Okay, now, if I go ahead and execute this, you'll be able to see that now my code has got executed. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, how do I initialize a class? Tell me, how do I initialize a class
Krish Naik: for initializing a class. Can I just go ahead and write. Person is equal to person. Okay?
Krish Naik: And while initializing what all values, I need to probably go ahead and give a name, so let's say my name is nothing, but
Krish Naik: I will just go ahead and write Krish.
Krish Naik: Perfect.
Krish Naik: Then age will be nothing but 35. I'm 35 years of old, and I have no worries to share my age, and then I will just go ahead and write Bangalore. Okay?
Krish Naik: And then if I just go ahead and print person.
Krish Naik: I should be able to see that. Okay, fine person is an object with all this particular values. Are you getting this? Everyone?
Krish Naik: Very simple. Yeah, very simple.
Krish Naik: Now let me do one thing. Let me just go ahead and initialize the same thing. And this time, instead of city. I'm giving 35.
Krish Naik: Do you see something is happening over here?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Do you see some problem is there?
Krish Naik: I have written. City is equal to 35.
Krish Naik: Yeah. And I'm still getting the output. No problem over here right
Krish Naik: now, if I even though I'm using data class here, you can see that I've defined cities should be string. But here I've given an integer value.
Krish Naik: Right? So this is the problem out here. Fine attributes you have created from the Json, from the Api response. I'm getting all this particular values.
Krish Naik: But here no type check is basically happening right? That that kind of type hinting check is not giving right
Krish Naik: here. No validation, is there?
Krish Naik: So how do we fix this? How do we specifically fix this? So for this we can definitely go ahead and use pydentic.
Krish Naik: Okay, pied netting.
Krish Naik: Now in order to use pydentic. How do I probably go ahead and use pydentic again?
Krish Naik: How do I go ahead and use pine intake. Okay?
Krish Naik: So for using pydentic, we will just go ahead and import from pydentic import base model.
Krish Naik: Now, the problem is pydentic. We have to go ahead and install it. So for installation, what I will do, I will create one requirement dot txt file.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, inside this requirement, dot txt file. I'll just go ahead and write pythontic.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: And then I will just go ahead and open this.
Krish Naik: Then I will say, Pip, install minus R requirement dot txt.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: So once I do, please make sure to activate the environment and then install this particular library. You have to follow in this specific steps. Only. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now here.
Krish Naik: Sunil says, could we not simply use typedic for the same purpose? See sunil sunit? Just wait for some time some time to learn something. Just keep your cup empty. Okay.
Krish Naik: I know your cup is filled with so much of knowledge. But you are learning something over here, and I'm following some pattern. Okay? So it is necessary that you just go ahead and keep your cup empty. Okay?
Krish Naik: So now some people are saying, Why do we not write ipy kernel over here? See, guys, if you are taking something into the production right? See? Jupyter, notebook is only for test and practice purpose.
Krish Naik: This will not be required in production. We don't take this file into production, right? So that is the reason I have not used anything inside this requirement. Txt. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, let's go ahead with the next step. Now, here, what I'm actually going to do. I'm just going to go ahead and import from pyrentic import base model. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, as soon as I import this right base model.
Krish Naik: this is nothing, but it is a base class for creating pydentic models.
Krish Naik: Now, all I will be doing is that
Krish Naik: to apply some kind of validation inside this I will go ahead and create a class. Now see, I will go ahead and create a class person, one
Krish Naik: person, one.
Krish Naik: And here I will write base model. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, with respect to the base model here, I will write. Name. Str.
Krish Naik: okay. Now see? See the magic. Okay, same thing. I'll be doing. Int, and then city str. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, this, the next step is that we will go ahead and initialize person.
Krish Naik: Let's say, this is my object person.
Krish Naik: Is it called to person?
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: And here I will just go ahead and write. Name is equal to Trish name is equal to sorry
Krish Naik: age is equal to 35 and city equal to Bangalore.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: And then I will just go ahead and print person. Will this work fine everyone.
Krish Naik: It's okay. Person one. I'm using the same object. Okay? But new object I'm creating it.
Krish Naik: Will it give me any problem, or will it work?
Krish Naik: Yeah, it is just going to definitely work. See if I execute this. This is working absolutely fine.
Krish Naik: Now see the magic. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now see, the magic.
Krish Naik: If I write city is equal to 35.
Krish Naik: What is going to happen?
Krish Naik: Oh, sorry person. One sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now you will be able to see that I'm getting Krish Age City is called to Bangalore. Okay.
Krish Naik: now here again, I'm going to use person one.
Krish Naik: Okay, now, will it work or not work? What will happen? Now see, validation, error, right?
Krish Naik: And this is what I really wanted to show you here, what is basically happening as soon as I'm inheriting a pydentic based model. That basically means on every attribute there is a kind of check that is going to happen with respect to the data type.
Krish Naik: And here you can clearly see that now I'm getting a validation error. It is saying that city 35, 35. Everything is here, one validation and the input field City input field should be a valid string
Krish Naik: right? And here I have given it as a input value as 35, which is a kind of int.
Krish Naik: Okay, now, what happens if I just go ahead and write in this particular way.
Krish Naik: if I just go ahead and write in this way.
Krish Naik: Will this work or not?
Krish Naik: The answer is, it is going to definitely work because it is a string type, right? All we need to make sure that we validate this attributes of the type that we have defined inside our class, and since it is inheriting the base model, which is of a Pydentic model. Right? Then it is just going to go ahead and apply that type, hinting on all this particular data types. Clear?
Krish Naik: Yeah, everybody clear.
Krish Naik: Yep.
Krish Naik: Just give me a second guys. I'll just wear my specs and comes, okay.
Krish Naik: okay, everybody's clear from till here.
Krish Naik: Yeah. So here, what is basically happening is that as soon as we inheriting inherit a pydentic model, okay.
Krish Naik: then, over here, you'll be able to clearly see that on every field it is basically going to apply that kind of validations. Okay, so we're at kind of validation. And that is the reason I'm getting this specific error. Okay? And this is really important. Now, just imagine, I am creating this kind of class. Okay.
Krish Naik: okay, I'm creating this kind of class, and if I try to structure the Llm. With this particular class, don't you think, my Llm.
Krish Naik: And if I just write a prompt, the Llm. Will be able to give the output based on this particular variables.
Krish Naik: Yeah. So Llm is very smart enough. Yes or no. Right? It is very, very smart enough. Then you'll be able to see that in Llm. Will be able to bind. We'll be able to say that, hey, we are going to bind you with this kind of class. So that you give this kind of output.
Krish Naik: Right? That will be the most amazing thing.
Krish Naik: Okay, so I hope everybody is able to understand. Yeah, yeah, clear.
Krish Naik: So once, we probably just go ahead and write class person one, and we inherit the base model here, you'll be able to see that we don't even need to use data class also, because this base model will be taking care of all the other necessary things. Okay.
Krish Naik: perfect. Shall we go ahead with some more examples. Now, yeah.
Krish Naik: yeah. Okay. So here, the second thing that I really want to talk about is something called as optional fields so
Krish Naik: model. And this class that we have defined right, this is basically called as a data model.
Krish Naik: Okay, if you are inheriting to the base class base model. This is nothing. But this is called as a data model. Okay, we say it as data model. Okay.
Krish Naik: so what is the difference between data class and a class inheriting from a base model.
Krish Naik: I've already told, you know, in data class validation is not getting applied. And when you are inheriting a base model data. Validation is basically getting applied. Did I say or not? Guys?
Krish Naik: Yeah, did I say or not?
Krish Naik: Tell me in a very simple way, did I say or not. Okay.
Krish Naik: Okay. Now, the second thing is that model with optional fields. Okay, what exactly is this model with optional fields? And here I'm also going to give you some of the examples. So from here I will write from typing. Okay, so there is a class which is called as typing. And we are going to import something called as optional.
Krish Naik: Okay, let's go ahead and create one class. Okay.
Krish Naik: what is there in base model? See? Base model is having that data validation guys again, how many times should I repeat it? I don't know.
Krish Naik: See? Go ahead and see this documentation. Now, identical. Yeah.
Krish Naik: Any any other things. I've already answered multiple number of times. Okay.
Krish Naik: to see a hydantic work creating a custom class that inherits the base model. Okay, so base model will have all the data validation.
Krish Naik: Okay, fast extensible plays, a nice role. All these things are defined over here.
Krish Naik: Good again. I've repeated multiple times. Please don't do that. Okay.
Krish Naik: we will try to focus on the session.
Krish Naik: Now
Krish Naik: let's go ahead and create class. I'm expecting at least you should know this much here like python bhujab, pydentic Boltham. This should these all are prerequisites. This is my kindness that I'm starting from here. Otherwise I'll start from Langchin.
Krish Naik: Understand? Okay, so now let me go ahead and create a class called as employee. Okay.
Krish Naik: this will be inheriting the model which is called as a base model. Okay.
Krish Naik: base model. Now, if I'm inheriting this as a base model, that basically means the data, validation is going to get applied on this particular class, let's say, I go ahead and define a variable id. Okay? Then I go ahead and define a variable Hdr.
Krish Naik: then I go ahead and define department.
Krish Naik: Okay, department.
Krish Naik: Now, here
Krish Naik: some more variables we are defining. And this time I'm going to use this optional type field. Now, what is this optional type? Field? Okay.
Krish Naik: it's like.
Krish Naik: let's say, when you initially join in a company right? There will be a field like salary. Okay?
Krish Naik: And this salary. Let's say that I'm just going to go ahead and create it as an optional. And here I'm going to say that it will be a float type.
Krish Naik: Okay, so your salary will be a float type. It is optional.
Krish Naik: it is optional. So initially, the person may not be assigned any salary, so we can also keep an optional value. Otherwise we can go ahead and keep it as none. A default value. Okay.
Krish Naik: a default value. Okay, let's say that this is an optional float. And
Krish Naik: here I'm also providing a default value. So here, instead of none, you can also assign any value. So here, I'll just go ahead and write optional with
Krish Naik: default value. Okay? Or this department can be something like that. It can be optional.
Krish Naik: or it can be a default value. Okay.
Krish Naik: I hope everybody is able to understand
Krish Naik: now what is basically happening over here. And let's say, I will also go ahead and create one more variable is active, whether the person is active in any project or not. So I'll just go ahead and again create this optional. And this will basically be a Boolean value.
Krish Naik: And here I can either use it as true or false. So let me write by default. True.
Krish Naik: So this is an optional field with default value.
Krish Naik: Okay, so here also some kind of check will definitely happen.
Krish Naik: yes or no. So because of this optional right, what am I basically going to do if I don't assign a salary? Do you think it is just going to give me an error.
Krish Naik: Yes or no.
Krish Naik: right. It is not going to give me an error if I just go ahead and define anything. So let's let's go ahead and execute this. Okay, so I've executed this class. Now, with respect to this particular class, let me go ahead and create one employee. Okay, so one employee is nothing. But I will just go ahead and write employee.
Krish Naik: And inside this employee let me just go ahead and write. Id is equal to one.
Krish Naik: Okay, then here, I'm going to basically go ahead and write. Name is called to John.
Krish Naik: And then I'm just going to go ahead and create my department. So my department will be nothing but cs, okay, computer science or anything.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: And now, if I just go ahead and print Emp one.
Krish Naik: Do you think we are going to get any error? What will happen to the salary and is active value?
Krish Naik: What will happen to the salary and is active value.
Krish Naik: Yeah, salary will be none, and this will. So if I just go ahead and execute this. Now, do you see? Id is one name is John Department is Cs salary is none is active, is called or true.
Krish Naik: So what does this basically mean? That here we have provided some optional with default values. Okay, see, I can also go ahead and write any value that I want over here. Let's say I will just go ahead and write something like salary is equal to 30,000. Okay, let's say 30,000. This is what a fresher get, I guess nowadays. So this is my employ. 2. Okay.
Krish Naik: employee 2. Let's say the Id is 2 name. I will say, Kresh.
Krish Naik: department. I'll say, Cs salary is equal to 30,000. Okay, okay. Now, now, people are saying that whether we'll get an error or not, we'll see it. Okay, let's go ahead and see it.
Krish Naik: Am I getting an error? No, the typecasting will happen over here.
Krish Naik: Yeah, typecasting will happen over here. Right?
Krish Naik: So typecasting is basically happening automatically wherever typecasting is possible.
Krish Naik: that part is also getting taken taken care. Just imagine, in this way, isn't it amazing
Krish Naik: when so here 30,000 is basically getting converted into a float value since I have assigned it to float. So what is basically happening here? The integer is basically getting converted into a floating point right? And here you can see that is active is equal to true
Krish Naik: right now is active is true because I've not provided any value by default. The value is true
Krish Naik: right? So that is the reason why we specifically use optional fields clear.
Krish Naik: Yes.
Krish Naik: So to share you this specific notes, I'm also going to write something. So please focus on this. You don't need to write anything. Okay? Definition, optional type indicates the field can be none. Default value is none or true makes the field optional require. Field must still be required. Pydentic validates type even for the optional field when the values are provided.
Krish Naik: Now, instead of salary, salary is equal to see here I have given string. Now, automatically it has got converted into float right.
Krish Naik: See! See! See how beautiful this is. Now let's say that for for my next field, if I go ahead and create my employee. 3
Krish Naik: Emp 3. Let's say I've given salary is equal to 30,000. And the next thing that I'm actually going to basically give is my 3, rd which one was. One more field is active, right is active, is equal to 23. If I write now, what will happen.
Krish Naik: See? Validation, error. Am I getting?
Krish Naik: Yeah?
Krish Naik: Because this can only have Boolean value? Boolean basically means true, odd, false.
Krish Naik: right? It can have only this specific value. But here, what I've given, I've given it as 23,
Krish Naik: right? So this is nothing. But it is basically a validation error. The best thing is that for optional fields, also pydentic validates the data type.
Krish Naik: And do you see how fast this validation is?
Krish Naik: Have you observed something? Is it taking more time to do this. No, yeah.
Krish Naik: What I have observed over here is that whenever I define a string number it is basically getting converted into a floating type.
Krish Naik: So there we did not find any issues. But if I probably write
Krish Naik: salary as some other thing, then the validation was not working right clear.
Krish Naik: Yeah, runtime validation.
Krish Naik: Yeah, if I write, salary is equal to ban. So what will happen?
Krish Naik: 2 validation error is basically coming. See.
Krish Naik: see, default value is float.
Krish Naik: If float is not given, then it will become none. If nothing is given, then the salary will be none like that.
Krish Naik: Boolean can take one or 2. It will not be able to take one and 2.
Krish Naik: Let's see whether it will be able to take.
Krish Naik: Yeah, it is able to take. See? 0 is basically becoming false.
Krish Naik: And one is basically becoming true.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: perfect. Now, whatever things you really want to experiment, go ahead and experiment this. Okay, how is the explanation till now, are you able to understand step by step we are going at, and you are lucky enough, because in 1 point oh, I did not cover
Krish Naik: like this I did not cover from starting. Okay, I covered directly from lunch here.
Krish Naik: but you are lucky enough in many ways.
Krish Naik: Many people have also got free courses. There's still people are getting it, you know.
Krish Naik: Perfect.
Krish Naik: great, great, great, great, great, great.
Krish Naik: No.
Krish Naik: We have seen about optional. Okay. Now here I will also try to define
Krish Naik: some variables in a different way. Okay, some classes in a different way. Okay.
Krish Naik: let me show you one thing. Okay.
Krish Naik: I will just go ahead and import something called from typing import list.
Krish Naik: Okay? So this is what I'm actually going to import.
Krish Naik: Now, see everybody observe over here.
Krish Naik: Okay, glass classroom. I will just go ahead and create this classroom. Okay.
Krish Naik: whenever we inherit the base model, what does this basically mean?
Krish Naik: Tell me, whenever we inherit the base model. What does this basically mean?
Krish Naik: Data type validation has been applied now is basically getting doing. You are basically going to apply every validation on every variable. Okay? So now let's say, I'm just going to write. Room number is equal to Str. So I'm going to create one variable like room. And if I go ahead and write students.
Krish Naik: Sorry. Str, let's say, students.
Krish Naik: And inside the students, I will just go ahead and define it in the form of list of str.
Krish Naik: Now, what does this basically mean?
Krish Naik: Can I say, student, variable is like a list of students.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Now, my main aim is that
Krish Naik: I want to check whether I can apply parentic validation on this list of students also or not, because here I've defined list of string right? What happens if I probably go ahead and write an integer.
Krish Naik: Right? What will happen? Okay? So here I will also go ahead and define my variable capacity
Krish Naik: will be my 3rd parameter, and let's say this will be off intertype.
Krish Naik: You have added equal to oh, sorry, my mistake.
Krish Naik: It's okay. I will get an error, and then I will be able to understand.
Krish Naik: You should see your mistakes. Okay.
Krish Naik: I love error. Okay, I'll be like, Hey, if I'm getting an error, I will solve it then and there that much confidence I have. How can an error come in my code like that, right? When you have that confidence? You don't have to worry about the error. Okay? You see, in most of my videos, I face error. I fix it then and there. Python is such a wonderful programming language. Now
Krish Naik: it talks about everything, where error you are getting, what error? You are basically getting each and everything. Okay.
Krish Naik: okay, perfect.
Krish Naik: Now just tell me one thing whether this is going to work or not, whether this will work.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: why are you saying? No, why, it will not work.
Krish Naik: See, I've given this as in the form of Tuple. Okay.
Krish Naik: is you have learned list and Tuples right?
Krish Naik: Whether list Tuples can be converted into a list.
Krish Naik: See, this is the amazing thing about pyrentic right
Krish Naik: here, only that validation is not also not happening. Typecasting is also happening.
Krish Naik: Yeah. So now, if I go ahead and execute this, see this amazing and and see how fast
Krish Naik: it is. Definitely, very, very fast, because entire pynetic module is written behind in rust.
Krish Naik: Okay. And rust is super super fast.
Krish Naik: right? And this is what we require. Just imagine, we don't have to do anything. Now, every classes that we define, we just go ahead and inherit with base model.
Krish Naik: Okay, automatically, type validation will happen as soon as we initialize a class and assign that particular variables.
Krish Naik: Sarab says, could you please explain typecasting in a bit.
Krish Naik: What is typecasting here?
Krish Naik: I can convert of floating into an integer the if I write int of 2 point. Oh.
Krish Naik: what it is becoming! Yet floating point is basically getting converted into an integer.
Krish Naik: It's just like converting one data type to the other data type. So here, what is basically happening here
Krish Naik: along with this tuple that I have actually defined.
Krish Naik: It is basically getting converted into a list. Right?
Krish Naik: If I just go ahead and write list of this.
Krish Naik: I'm getting a list. This is typecasting.
Krish Naik: converting one data type to the another data type. So that is the reason, python, okay, clearly, ratclusion. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, can. Okay. Now, here, you'll be able to see that one very important thing. Okay, let's let's do one thing. Okay, here, I've defined something like this. Now, I will define one more variable. Okay. And here, instead of Bob, I will just go ahead and write 1, 2, 3. Now, what will happen?
Krish Naik: So here, if I just go ahead and execute it. I'm getting an error.
Krish Naik: one validation error for classroom students. One
Krish Naik: student of one. Okay. Index is also given. Isn't it amazing.
Krish Naik: Student, dot one. See 0 1 index.
Krish Naik: 123 is there? The same right? Input value is 123 input type. Int, right
Krish Naik: isn't just amazing, amazing, amazing. See? So detail. It is able to probably do all these things and give you the error also.
Krish Naik: Right
Krish Naik: now, see many people directly. You should not see this error so many different kind of errors. You can also go ahead and apply type exception handing. Okay. Now for exception, handling what I'll do. Let's say I will go ahead and write. Try, try, catch block. I hope every node try except.
Krish Naik: yeah.
Krish Naik: Okay, try. Accept.
Krish Naik: Yeah, try, except everybody knows. Right? And what I see, this is a validation error. Okay?
Krish Naik: So what I will do inside my try. I will just go ahead and write invalid.
Krish Naik: Val. So let's say this is my invalid, Val. I'll go ahead and define my classroom, and with respect to the classroom, I'll define each and everything over here. Okay.
Krish Naik: so let's say, inside this classroom, I'm just going to define room number a 1 student is equal to Krish 1, 2, 3 capacity 30. And here, inside my except block
Krish Naik: value error as E, okay? And then I'm going to go. Go ahead and print. E, okay.
Krish Naik: now, do you see what kind of error I'll be doing giving?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: it will be again, a validation error. See? One validation error. Is this message better than the previous one.
Krish Naik: Yeah, because here I have applied a try. Catch block.
Krish Naik: Yes.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: okay.
Krish Naik: Now, let's try some more things. Okay, let's try some more thing.
Krish Naik: So isn't supposed to catch the validation. Error. Yes, you can also use validation, error, no worries.
Krish Naik: Okay. Instead of validation, error, it will become value error, because we need to.
Krish Naik: I think validation error is not there. It is showing over here, but the real error is nothing but value. Error, I guess.
Krish Naik: or if you have conception error issues. Just go ahead and write exception as E automatically, it'll take care of it. Okay.
Krish Naik: see? I'm getting the same output.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: can we send a data frame for validation instead of individual values. Yes, you can send it. But you need to convert that into this particular model.
Krish Naik: You need to assign those data frame values inside this object values. Okay.
Krish Naik: what is the difference between? If you use list of Sdr instead of list of Sd, Uma, you can try it out. I think I'll not talk much about the differences. That is just a Google search. Okay.
Krish Naik: clear everyone.
Krish Naik: Yep.
Krish Naik: Shall we try some more examples. Now let's go ahead and try complex.
Krish Naik: Let's go ahead and try models with nested models. Okay.
Krish Naik: models and nested models means what one class I can have
Krish Naik: one class I can have inheriting to the base model that same class.
Krish Naik: the same class can be used in another class. Yes.
Krish Naik: So let's let's try like this. Okay, so here, I'm going to go ahead and inherit from pydentic
Krish Naik: import. Base model.
Krish Naik: Okay? Sorry. Base model.
Krish Naik: Now, 1st of all, I will just go ahead and define one class which is called as address. Okay?
Krish Naik: And this will basically be inheriting my base model.
Krish Naik: Okay, let's say, here, I'm going to define some variables. String will be of type. Hdr
Krish Naik: city will be of type. Hdr.
Krish Naik: And Zip code will be of type.
Krish Naik: Sdr, okay?
Krish Naik: And then I have class. I'm defining another class. Let's say this particular class will be of customer.
Krish Naik: and you know customer will have the address class within it. Yes or no.
Krish Naik: if I'm having an address variable, what I need to assign it to the other class. So this will also be a base model. Okay, then I will be having my
Krish Naik: customer underscore. Id, okay?
Krish Naik: End.
Krish Naik: Okay, then, name Colon. Str, okay, then address, Colon, address, yeah.
Krish Naik: this is my nested model. Right? Nested model.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: it's okay, are you can use Str or rent. It is up to you. I'm just showing one example. Okay.
Krish Naik: it is up to you. Do whatever you want.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, once I've defined a class. Okay, address. And how do I initialize this? Now? I will just go ahead and write. Customer is equal to customer. Now, inside this customer I will just go ahead and write customer underscore Id is equal to one
Krish Naik: name is called to, let's say, crush okay, fresh.
Krish Naik: And let's say, Here, I'm going to go ahead and define my address.
Krish Naik: Now, address, how will I define in the form of
Krish Naik: key value pairs? Can I just assign with like street Colon, something like this, and all
Krish Naik: customer underscore. Id, okay.
Krish Naik: okay, so here in the address, I can basically find, write it in the form of
Krish Naik: key value pads. Let's say, street
Krish Naik: first.st Field is straight. You have to make sure those have the right spelling. Okay, I'll write Main Street. Okay.
Krish Naik: something like Main Street. What is the second key?
Krish Naik: Second key is nothing but city.
Krish Naik: Okay. City is with respect to Boston.
Krish Naik: Boston. And then 3, rd is nothing but zip code. Let's say, Zip code.
Krish Naik: there is nothing but 0 2, 1 0 8. Let's say, okay.
Krish Naik: so I've defined everything over here. Yeah.
Krish Naik: Now, if I just go ahead and write print customer, will it work fine.
Krish Naik: or will it give me an address? Error?
Krish Naik: Right?
Krish Naik: So here it is working fine. That basically means the value that I've put over here. Right? It is an object of this address.
Krish Naik: Okay? And inside this address, you know that I have cities, city zip code and string
Krish Naik: clear. Let's say, if I just go ahead and change these values, let's say, if I just go ahead and execute this and change these values instead of Boston. Now let me just go ahead and write. 1, 2, 3.
Krish Naik: Am I getting a validation error?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: So nested nested check. So that is the reason I have written that models with nested models, right create complex structures with nested models. And this kind of data validation will also happen like any number of nested classes you just define. Right? It'll keep on working.
Krish Naik: Good enough
Krish Naik: base model. It needs to be extended. That's it.
Krish Naik: Okay, base model needs to be extended
Krish Naik: to enhance. You can also directly go ahead and define this address as a separate object, and you can assign the object directly over here.
Krish Naik: You can define this object separately over here.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Balu says, can you explain a real world example where you use this?
Krish Naik: But learn the basics.
Krish Naik: Okay, everything will come where you want to go, Mars. You want to go to somewhere else
Krish Naik: where you want to go.
Krish Naik: Let the time come. Everything will be in in front of you.
Krish Naik: It is always many people say that they it is always
Krish Naik: see the pattern that I teach right.
Krish Naik: Just wait, just be patient, and everything is going to work properly.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: otherwise I can directly go ahead and write lang graph. Only there I can directly show the application of identity. Then you'll say, Oh, sir, what is this new topic? Suddenly.
Krish Naik: if I don't teach in this way?
Krish Naik: Just imagine I go and directly teach you lang graph and directly use pydentic over there.
Krish Naik: will you be able to understand? No? Right?
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, let's go ahead and talk about one very important topic.
Krish Naik: pyrentic fields. Okay?
Krish Naik: So there are also some kind of parentic fields which we can specifically use. And inside that fields we can apply customization and constraints. Again.
Krish Naik: Now for the data validation. You know what you need to inherit
Krish Naik: for the data validation, what you need to inherit.
Krish Naik: you need to inherit base model. Okay, so that part you definitely know. Okay. So here I will write from pydentic
Krish Naik: import compiler tick, import base model. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now for the field. Whenever you define a field. How do you define it?
Krish Naik: See, there is also one more, very. If I want to define a pydantic fields, I will be inheriting something called as Field.
Krish Naik: I will talk about this field. This field is super amazing feature that is available in Pydentic.
Krish Naik: So here, if I want to apply some customization and constraints. Now, what kind of customization and constraint? Let's say that I've defined a class item. Okay?
Krish Naik: And here I'm just going to go ahead and define my base model. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, inside this particular base model, I will be defining my name as string. Okay.
Krish Naik: here I will define field. Okay, now see this field, how I am assigning
Krish Naik: the name is of type string.
Krish Naik: But here now, I'm going to apply some constraint with the help of this field parameter field class that we have used
Krish Naik: here
Krish Naik: on a string variable. I can basically go ahead and apply different different constraint. Let's say, I'll say, Hey, the minimum length of this particular string should be 2.
Krish Naik: The maximum length of this particular string should be 4, right? So there are various parameters that we can apply in the field. Right? So if you probably just go ahead and check in the documentation, let's say that I go ahead over here and I search for pydentic field.
Krish Naik: Okay, pydantic fields.
Krish Naik: So here, if you just go ahead and see this
Krish Naik: here, you can see field frozen is equal to true, there will be like field strict is equal to true that different different things that fields has. Okay. So here's field default value is equal to 20. Okay.
Krish Naik: so if you just go ahead and see. You can also apply lambda. You can apply many, many things.
Krish Naik: Default is equal to 12. Right? So similarly, in every field you can apply this particular sorry in every variable. You can apply this field with some kind of constraints.
Krish Naik: Okay, some kind of constraints. So here, what I'm actually going to do is that let's say, here I'm going to write minimum length is equal to
Krish Naik: 2 maximum length is equal to 50. What does this basically mean minimum length is equal to 2, and maximum length is equal to 50.
Krish Naik: Tell me, what does this basically mean?
Krish Naik: Am I applying some kind of constraint on this particular field. It is nothing but the string. The the name length should be between 2 to 50.
Krish Naik: Okay, string length should be between 2 to 50. Okay. Now, similarly, let's say that I go ahead and apply another field. I will go ahead and write Price.
Krish Naik: and inside this price I will go ahead and write, float, float is equal to field.
Krish Naik: And here I will write. Gt. Gt. Is equal to 0. So here I will see in price, since it is an integer. We have different different fields here. I can apply greater than
Krish Naik: here. I can apply less than okay, less than let's say I'm going to write over here greater than 0 less than 10,000. Okay, so this basically becomes my price. You can also write ge, right? What is G,
Krish Naik: what is Z,
Krish Naik: le basically means less than or equal. G is basically means greater than or equal. Gt, basically means greater than right. So all these things are there. Right? So here, if you see that, what kind of constraint I'm applying over here, it'll be nothing but greater than 0
Krish Naik: and less than or equal to 1,000.
Krish Naik: Okay, so this is the kind of constraint that we are applying over here. Okay.
Krish Naik: then you can also write greater than or equal to less than or equal to Lt. Also you can go ahead and write right? So I'm saying it should be greater than 0 and less than or equal to 10,000.
Krish Naik: Okay, I hope everybody is able to understand.
Krish Naik: So finally, you'll be able to see that I'll also define my quantity field, which will be of type integer. And let's say that here I want to apply one more field that is nothing but greater than or equal to. Let's say, if the quantity is greater than or equal to 0. Then only I'm going to go ahead with this.
Krish Naik: Okay, no auto increment cannot be applied. You just can be defining this kind of condition. So why you want to do auto increment here you are specifying a condition on specific, variable right? Now, isn't this amazing? Just see, with the help of Pydentek and all its feature. You are not applying data validation only on symbol attributes. You're also applying conditions.
Krish Naik: Okay, it should be greater than this great less than this. And all to
Krish Naik: just imagine all this data validation will happen automatically. Okay. Now, finally, here, you'll be able to see that I'll just go ahead and define my object. I'll say, Hey, let's go ahead and define this. This is my item. Let's say I want books.
Krish Naik: books. Price. Let's say it will be nothing but 10. Okay. And now I just want the quantity is equal to 10 right? And now, if I just go ahead and print the item.
Krish Naik: print the item, print the item, I should be able to see it.
Krish Naik: Now, this validation is basically getting applied. Now what happens if I go ahead and write the price
Krish Naik: like this, what'll happen?
Krish Naik: What is the condition of my price?
Krish Naik: It should be bit greater than 0, less than or equal to 10,000. But now it is, I will return one lakh over here.
Krish Naik: and it's giving me this specific error.
Krish Naik: Good, happy, amazing
Krish Naik: Majara!
Krish Naik: How is my teaching.
Krish Naik: I want people here in this world know I'm looking for people who can teach like me.
Krish Naik: Okay, at least they should be able to understand.
Krish Naik: Hmm!
Krish Naik: Then I'm telling you this world will be very, very good. I'm looking for that entire team. I'm searching for each and every one, you know, so you'll be able to see in my team. You'll be able to see Sunny Savita. You'll be able to see my ank. You'll be able to see Paul. These are all people, you know we are trying to.
Krish Naik: I'm guiding them in such a way that you know I should be the replacement for them. Sorry they should be the replacement for me, you know, so that we take this teaching to another level. Right? So people get to know more about it in this in in our country, specifically in India we have seen teachers, and all right.
Krish Naik: hardly from so many teachers. One or 2 teachers will be good, right. See whatever things you do right. If you do it passionately, I think you become very, very good at it. You know that passion part is missing in many, many people
Krish Naik: right how to teach something. There may be more people who are very much knowledgeable than me, but they will not be able to convey this specific knowledge to anyone. I've seen amazing developers in my industry. I've seen amazing people, but when it comes to conveying knowledge it becomes very difficult for them
Krish Naik: right. And there are some people whom I've seen who have very, very less knowledge than me. Then they know how to convey information very much easily. Right? So this is really important nowadays.
Krish Naik: If you really want to become famous, if you want to become
Krish Naik: if you want to create that kind of brand. You really need to know how to convey the information to everyone.
Krish Naik: If you know how to convey the information, I think
Krish Naik: no one can stop you then
Krish Naik: talking is really important. Conveying information is really important.
Krish Naik: I'm not talking about arguments and all, but what information you really want to convey to the entire world that is really important, and if you are able to do that in a better way, I think no one can stop you anyway.
Krish Naik: One. When I started my career, you know, talking to managers talking to seniors
Krish Naik: when we are discussing about our use cases, a lot of hesitation used to come before
Krish Naik: slowly, slowly. I've built this. I know it is not very easy.
Krish Naik: It takes time. It takes experience. It takes how you're handling people. And I've seen some people very, very smart
Krish Naik: who can talk like anything, and in 2 seconds they can convince anyone
Krish Naik: right? They can see at the end of the day.
Krish Naik: because of talking, you will be able to convince people right? Entrepreneurship is all about convincing. Getting funding is all about convincing
Krish Naik: what you're doing. What what is the vision that you have.
Krish Naik: and if you are able to portray that vision right passionately, I think it is very, very easy to get even fundings. You know. I've seen people doing that.
Krish Naik: I've seen people how easily they have got fundings.
Krish Naik: They don't have good numbers in the companies. No good revenue lot of expenditures, a lot of things, but many, many people bet on the entrepreneurs like, Okay.
Krish Naik: he's a person with hard hair. He know how how to think and all, and he cannot let this company go down. It should be something like this. Okay, so please keep build this habit whenever you get an opportunity to talk to people discuss more about things and all.
Krish Naik: I. I recently went to Dubai and Abu Dhabi. Okay, there.
Krish Naik: Sales is one of the wonderful job
Krish Naik: in India. Sales is not a good job. Okay, sales is a very bad job in India. The reason I'll tell you why.
Krish Naik: in Dubai and Abu Dhabi, right? People like to spend a lot. Okay, they like to spend a lot. What I have actually seen.
Krish Naik: let it be with respect to houses with respect to properties with respect to buying anything.
Krish Naik: They like to spend a lot. Okay, in India. The market is completely different here to crack a customer. It is very difficult. Okay, because there are multiple things. 1st of all, whether the customer like a thing or not.
Krish Naik: And there are different ranges like, if I probably talk about money right here in India to
Krish Naik: to, to probably crack someone. It takes a lot of time, a lot of trust. Okay? Whereas in other countries it becomes very, very much easy. Okay, so what I've seen over there no tax, so they enjoy it is nothing like that tax is also there corporate tax is there? Income tax is not there, but the cost of living is also high. You have to think in that way. Okay, cost of living is also very, very high over there.
Krish Naik: So what I've observed is that sales job is superb over there. Right?
Krish Naik: You should just know how to talk. Okay.
Krish Naik: you should just know how to talk. You should just know how to convey the right kind of information in India. Difficult, very difficult customers, very difficult people.
Krish Naik: even though I probably let's let's say in my case, right?
Krish Naik: when I probably go ahead on when my team probably goes in and contact someone. Right? They say, Sir, we want also this, we want also this, we want also this and all right. So that kind of things happens in India, you know. But I'm very much happy to probably cater the Indian audience, because
Krish Naik: Indian is one of the most specifically in India, right? The audience age group that you specifically fall in right? It's quite amazing. And here, if anybody starts a company, there's a very good success rate for the company to grow, because here the consumption is more specifically with respect to this kind of services that we provide.
Krish Naik: Right. But yes, there are a lot of pros and cons in every places. And again, as an entrepreneur, we think all the specific stuffs we discuss all this specific stuff
Krish Naik: in. In the meetings. When we sit with people, we see different analytics. We see, you know how many people have taken my Udemy courses just just an idea throughout this world. How many countries are there in this world. There are somewhere around 1, 96 countries. But do you know how many countries have taken my courses?
Krish Naik: 1, 83 countries. To be precise?
Krish Naik: Let's imagine I've just. I just have to reach more 13 countries to cover 1 96 countries. I don't know. All the remaining countries have something or not, but it is so good, right? 1, 83 countries. Just imagine, people are studying, for I never knew. People are also studying for Iceland. Okay, Iceland.
Krish Naik: I don't know like it's it's quite amazing to see people are actually going and studying from Iceland. I just see that map, you know, every day I spend around 15 to 20 min seeing that map. And it gives an amazing feeling, you know, amazing feeling like, Oh, wow! Like, there's so many people out there in this world, and everybody is probably learning from different different places. Right? Show us the map.
Krish Naik: I will show you the map. Let's see.
Krish Naik: Yay, everybody wants to see the map.
Krish Naik: And this, this.
Krish Naik: I I feel that. Okay, yeah, this is amazing. Like, I don't. I don't feel so sad regarding this, you know, because we have reached almost so many different maps, so many different countries. Just imagine, does this make a proud feeling to you? Know, like how people trust you with respect to this, and automatically.
Krish Naik: do you see the map? Everyone?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: See? See this.
Krish Naik: So my second largest paying customers in United States. Then you have Canada.
Krish Naik: Then you see all this. I don't know which countries Bermud also has one.
Krish Naik: Mexico is also there. Bahamas is also there.
Krish Naik: Haiti Dominion Republic.
Krish Naik: Guadalupe, I don't know which place is this here Saint Lucia Babodas?
Krish Naik: No, no, not identity. 2.0. This is for our entire udemy courses, you know.
Krish Naik: See Russia, Mongolia, China, South Korea, Japan, Guam.
Krish Naik: Then here you have Philippines, Brunoi, Malaysia, Singapore.
Krish Naik: East Timor. I never knew all these things.
Krish Naik: Africa also has many people, Australia.
Krish Naik: You also have New Zealand, you have Physi, Mauritius, reunion situations.
Krish Naik: Maldives, Sri, Lanka, India, all these things are there.
Krish Naik: one on the extreme left. Amrican. Samoa.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: I I was just used to as how are like this, okay, which is this? Furo Island? See 1, 83 countries, 51 languages.
Krish Naik: See, this is Portugal.
Krish Naik: Spain. Europe has many, many people. If I combine everyone, it's it's a good amount. Hungary, Slovakia, Ukraine, Turkey.
Krish Naik: Bulgaria.
Krish Naik: none from Alaska, Alaska. I don't know whether Map is there or not, but Alaska is a part of us. No.
Krish Naik: Kazakhstan is also there.
Krish Naik: See, Uzbekistan is also there. Kyrgyzstan is also there. China and Mongolia is also there.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Krish Naik: good feeling. Right?
Krish Naik: North Korea is a dictatorship. They will not expose any of the data outside.
Krish Naik: and almost we have covered 51 languages.
Krish Naik: People from 51 languages are basically seeing it.
Krish Naik: But still there is a longer way to go ahead. You know. I want to probably cover many, many
Krish Naik: at the end of the day. See! What I feel in life is that you need to keep on adding values in others life. That's it.
Krish Naik: If you're doing that, I think that's really, really good.
Krish Naik: Just make sure to add values. Okay, that is, that is the main motive of the life. No one is going to remember anything. You cannot take money and go
Krish Naik: you can. You cannot do anything after you're dead right. You just need to be there right. Only people will remember your work, your deeds that you have done, you know, when when 10 people basically says that, hey, Krish, sir, we were able to do this like today. We saw a good transition right? It feels really happy. I feel definitely happy because at least you are able to do something from out of it right?
Krish Naik: Other than that.
Krish Naik: Yeah, that's it. So today was that 10 min talk. Now let's take another 10 min break, and
Krish Naik: I will just go ahead and give a 10 min, timer.
Krish Naik: and you may be thinking, Krish, you're wasting our time. But these all talks are required. Okay, so let's okay. 15 min.
Krish Naik: But say, log 15 min. Timer. Say, okay, perfect.
Krish Naik: Let's go ahead and talk, and sorry for wasting your time. But this all talks are actually required. Okay.
Krish Naik: thank you. I'll see you in another 15 min. Bye, bye.
Krish Naik: Okay, ready, everyone.
Krish Naik: Okay, my dear friends. Let's continue the discussion with respect to Pythontech, let's talk about some more.
Krish Naik: some more examples wherein we talk about customization and constraints.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: so now, what I'm actually going to use is that I'm I'll be using one class, which is like class user. And then I will be having something like base model. Okay.
Krish Naik: I mean hurting the base model.
Krish Naik: Now, here, what I will be doing is that, am I audible?
Krish Naik: Some people always say that, sir. I can't hear you.
Krish Naik: Okay, I'm audible, perfect.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, here, what I will do. I will create some fields. Okay. So now, username, I will just go ahead and create it will be of stripe string.
Krish Naik: and inside this we'll use something called as field again, the same field parameter. Now in field, as I showed you that there is also, like you can also specify description.
Krish Naik: description for a specific field. Okay, so let's say, here, I'm going to define a variable which is called as field. See if you just hover over here. Right?
Krish Naik: See, all these are properties, right, field title, description, examples, frozen, right, validated default in in it, in it, where pattern strict codes greater than greater, equal to less than less equal to multiple of decimal plan. Max, length, minimum length. Whatever you specifically want to use based on a field type, you will be able to probably go ahead and define this. Okay, now, here, let's say that I'm going to provide a description. And I'll say, unique
Krish Naik: username for the user. Okay, I'm going to basically go ahead and do this. Okay, then I'm going to basically have age. Let's say age will be of in it, and they here also, I'm going to define it as a field. Let's say the default value for this age. I will keep it to 18. Okay, let's say that I'm going to define. And there I will also go ahead and define my description.
Krish Naik: My description can be like, user age, user age defaults to
Krish Naik: 80. Okay, I'm I'm just trying to provide some information out here. Then let's go ahead and define my email. The email will be of string type. And here I'm going to specifically go ahead and define my default factory. Let's say the default factory. I'll tell you why, it is really, really important.
Krish Naik: And why we need to define this as lambda. Okay, lambda.
Krish Naik: So here, what will basically happen is that let's say, here, I'm going to go ahead and define user at the rate example.
Krish Naik: dot com. Okay? And here I'll just go ahead and just find my description saying that this is my default email address.
Krish Naik: Okay, now, I've defined all the things over here. So here you can see that
Krish Naik: this default factory lambda and why I have defined this email. Id into lambda. Okay, so this will be one assignment for you. Just go ahead and find out about this particular parameter. Okay, what exactly is default factory, lambda. And you have to explain me that in the next class. Okay, but I think as soon as I execute something right, you should be able to understand what this default lambda is basically doing. Okay.
Krish Naik: now see this, I'm going to just go ahead and define one like username.
Krish Naik: Here. The username is Alice. So I'm going to print the user one over here. Okay, now, once I print the user one, what do you think the output will be, will I be able to get some age and email? Id.
Krish Naik: So here you can see by default, you are able to get user at the rate example.com. And here the age is something.
Krish Naik: Now what happens if I probably give my
Krish Naik: another user information which looks something like this?
Krish Naik: Now tell me, here we are specifying the age and email. Id, right?
Krish Naik: Yes.
Krish Naik: So here, you can see that I'm able to get this specific value correctly. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, whenever we try to define any class which is inheriting the base model, we can also get the entire schema of that particular class. Okay, so let's say, I have defined a user class, and if I go ahead and write model dot
Krish Naik: model underscore dump, Json, you'll be able to able to get the entire Json itself. And there is also something called as model underscore. Json underscore schema.
Krish Naik: Okay, if I just go ahead and execute this, do you see the entire schema of the model is available now over here.
Krish Naik: like how we have in the swagger documentation. Right?
Krish Naik: So it's swagger. I hope everybody knows that in fast. Api. The entire schema will be able to see that for every post request. What are the parameters that you're going to go ahead. So here you can see that properties is nothing but username description. Here you can clearly see. Okay, description. Is there, then, title, username, type, string, age, description, user age, default to 18 the important of description. I hope everybody is able to understand right? So let me
Krish Naik: see the spelling mistake, was there? Yeah?
Krish Naik: So here you can see with respect to this, I have this description over here. With respect to this, I have this particular description over here. The email information description is over here. And all the information is basically over here. So by default, when you say model, you mean the data object. Yes. So this is my entire class is basically considered as a data model. Okay, object is then just an instance for this particular model.
Krish Naik: Okay, so here you can see, title is equal to username type is equal to string age equal to default. All this particular schema is visible now, why, the schema will be very, very helpful. It will help us to understand how the structure is with respect to the things that we are basically implementing what all fields are basically there, what all fields are not there. Okay.
Krish Naik: does this make sense? Everyone?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Everybody got an idea about this right
Krish Naik: now, this is till this point. You will definitely get started with pydentic. But don't worry. Pydentic is not getting over right now.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: there will be so many things that we'll be discussing in pyrentic when we start. Lang graph. And Langchain. Okay? So till here, whatever we have basically completed.
Krish Naik: it is very good to get started. Also go ahead and practice from your side. The documentation for Pydentic is somewhere here. You can just go and search for Pydentic. Okay, just go and explore the documentation. The documentation has amazing things.
Krish Naik: What all things it is. You just need to probably go ahead and learn this specific stuff. Okay, how this basically works which all companies are using this, you can see that so many different different companies are using this, and every year the number of users are increasing. Why use pedentic? Why, specifically, pydentic is defined? It is because of type hints. You know, you can use it in Pycharm Vs code wherever you basically want.
Krish Naik: you know. And there's some good examples that is basically given, not the similar kind of example. The same example is not been taught over here, but my suggestion would be that, please go ahead and try to go ahead and just see the documentation. Always keep a habit of seeing the documentation, because the reason why I'm doing this is that because tomorrow, when you go in any company, you should be able to see all the specific things, and all right. So that is really really important.
Krish Naik: Krish, could you please let us know the extension you are using in the font color in Vs code. I don't know what all extension I'm basically using. I will just show it to you.
Krish Naik: I'm not using much extension. Just that python extension we used to use.
Krish Naik: For that.
Krish Naik: No specific extension. This is how my code looks like, okay.
Krish Naik: there's no. You can just search in Google, whatever extension you like, you can basically use.
Krish Naik: But I'm not that interested in extension at the end of the day. I just need to go ahead and write my code again.
Krish Naik: But okay.
Krish Naik: now, the next thing is that before we start about lang chain. We start about lang graph, right? It is necessary that you start creating
Krish Naik: some of the Api keys. Okay?
Krish Naik: And those Api keys will be super important. Okay?
Krish Naik: So 1st of all, the kind of models that we are going to use, the Llm models we are going to focus on will be of different different types. The 1st platform that we are basically going to use is Grok.
Krish Naik: Have you heard about? Grok?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Have you heard about grog?
Krish Naik: Now in grok. Just go to grog.com. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now in grok.com. The best part about Grok is that here they provide you free. A Llm. Models open source Llm models. So there are different different Llm models that we are going to specifically use.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: And here you can see play itts whisper large. V. 3, Mistral Saba. Then here you have Meta Llama. Then you have Lama 3. Guard 3. So many different different Llm models are basically over here.
Krish Naik: Okay? And here, just by seeing this, these all are basically open source model.
Krish Naik: And the best part about Grok is that for some number of requests it provides completely free for everyone.
Krish Naik: So here, you can basically go ahead and generate your Api key, you can go ahead and use any of this specific model, even for all those people who have my Udemy courses. I've used this Quen, Q. Wq. 32 billion parameter. It is from Alibaba Cloud. Okay, so these all models we have specifically used. And these all models we'll be using for your purpose also. Okay.
Krish Naik: so here you don't have to pay anything. You have to just go ahead and create the Api key, which I will show you when how to create the Api keys and all. And with respect to that, we are good to go. Okay. So this is the 1st thing. Grok. Okay. The second thing that we are going to use is something called as Openai.
Krish Naik: Now, Openai.
Krish Naik: I request everybody to at least put $5. Okay.
Krish Naik: $5 in Openai Api key. $5 will be more than sufficient. Okay, so everybody, if you just go ahead and click on Openai Api, just go ahead and log in
Krish Naik: Api platform.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: I have to show you with respect to Openai Api. The reason is all these libraries that you'll be able to see all these frameworks that you'll be able to see will have to use Openai Api key.
Krish Naik: So for some of the examples, I will be showing you Openai api keys. That is a request. Not much, at least put $5 inside this so that we can use. And recently, you know that Openai also also come up with something called as Codex.
Krish Naik: Have you heard about codecs?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: So codecs, Openai has basically come up with codecs. This is again
Krish Naik: yesterday. Only I think it. They have come up with introducing codecs. Try codecs.
Krish Naik: It is only available to pro, yeah, this is bullshit.
Krish Naik: I think I have openai pro. So I don't need $5 1 million Api keys. You should be able to create. Okay.
Krish Naik: I think it is only providing for that pro account.
Krish Naik: But 50% offer for students. That is good. Yeah.
Krish Naik: But what we are basically going to do is that we are going to use this. All models that are there. Right? We can use Gpt 4.1 0 4 mini and all. And all the specific models will try to see. Because the reason why I'm using Openai right? Because Openai has the most
Krish Naik: amazing models that are available in the industries. Llm models for for agentic AI task. Right? Openai, basically,
Krish Naik: works really, really? Well. So that is the reason in some of the tasks. What I've seen is that Grok was not working well. So because of that, I had to probably use this also for teaching you all. Okay, for some of the use cases, we'll be using it. Okay and please, everybody, go ahead and just create this entire account and all so pricing part, you'll be able to see.
Krish Naik: this will be the pricing that will be available over here. Okay.
Krish Naik: so pricing wise. I'll use opening and Grok, and it is up to you. You use cloudy, anthropic. Whatever you want to use, you can definitely go ahead and use it.
Krish Naik: But I'll show you a generic way, and once you follow that way. You can probably integrate with any kind of models that you want. Right? Our main aim is basically to learn open source framework and how we can basically integrate all the specific things. Okay?
Krish Naik: So my suggestion would be that, please just go ahead and do this to create the Api keys. Just go in the settings.
Krish Naik: If you want to go in the billing, just go ahead and keep on adding credits. Okay, based on your capability. So my suggestion would be till the next class. If it comes, you please go ahead and add $5 and be ready with your Api key. Okay, this is the second thing, the 3rd thing that we are basically also going to use is hugging face. Okay, hugging face.
Krish Naik: Now in the hugging face, we will be using some of the free embedding techniques from Openai. Also, we will be using openai embedding technique. Okay, that will also be important. Yeah, just $5 will be more than sufficient to perform or develop our application, because most of the time you'll be dependent on Grok.
Krish Naik: Okay, will be dependent on talk.
Krish Naik: So is it. Okay, if you use Azure Openai instead of Openai. Yes, it is fine. But just see the code how it changes. If you're using azure Openai. You know
Krish Naik: that code integration will be changing. My always. Best way is that we should try to use managed services. Okay.
Krish Naik: again, face also will try to use it.
Krish Naik: Just give me a second guys. I'm getting one urgent call.
Krish Naik: Fine
Krish Naik: managed services basically means like, Openai is a managed service. Right? It provides you. Api key. Grok is a managed service.
Krish Naik: If you're using with cloud directly azure cloud. And also with respect to that, some changes of the code is basically required. Okay, that you can definitely do, because those all things will be available over here. The next thing that we will be using for tracing and monitoring is nothing but Langsmith. So if you go ahead and Langchain right there, if you see in the documents right, there are 3 main important things that is basically provide.
Krish Naik: Grok is for open source model. If you want to inference open source models directly, right? So for Grok will be able to provide. Okay, it is not entirely for free. Some. Some of the requests are for free. But if you're using enterprise version there, you need to pay some money my entire platform, the new platform that I'm developing mock interview and all we are building on Grok, and we are using Google Tts, okay for voice. And all because it is cheap.
Krish Naik: Otherwise, when we are trying to use Openai and all, it is becoming very costly. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, inside this here, you'll be able to see in our syllabus, we will be covering 3 main important things. We'll be focusing in depth on line graph.
Krish Naik: We will get some basic introduction about Langchain. Also. Okay. So we will be talking about how to probably create chains, invoke chains, how to work with rag, traditional rag, you know, and how to probably go ahead and write all this specific code and all, I will be talking about that. Okay, so there are some number of files. We'll also talk about memory architecture each and everything. Okay.
Krish Naik: then our main focus is basically to convert to complete this lang graph in depth. So we will be going and referring lang graph like anything. Okay, this will. We will try to learn how to build a basic Chatbot, our tools, memory, human in the loop, how to probably run agents streaming human in the loop, Mcp integration each and everything. We will be covering as we go ahead. Okay, so here we will also be discussing about Mcp. What Mcp does and all everything we'll discuss about. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, this is the most clear thing. So could you please tell me where to add $5. We have option to upgrade plan. No, no, don't use chat. Gpt. Okay. So if you go to the lang chain. Sorry if you go to
Krish Naik: here.
Krish Naik: Just go and search for Openai Api. Okay? And then it will ask you to log in log in for the Api platform
Krish Naik: log into the Api platform. Okay? And then once you go over here, you just click on settings. And here you'll be able to find billing. And then you add to credit balance. Sora is basically for images. Okay.
Krish Naik: don't worry about that
Krish Naik: somewhere, I heard. Lang graph is very heavy and slow. Is it correct? No, nothing as such. I will show you each and everything as go as we go ahead. I'll talk about that also what people say about Langchain and Lang graph.
Krish Naik: Then once we go ahead and learn about lang Graph.
Krish Naik: The tracing part that you'll be seeing is that we will be doing it in Langsmith.
Krish Naik: Okay? So here in the Langsmith, we will be doing the entire tracing part, monitoring part. Okay. So if you probably go ahead and see my smith, langchain.com here, you'll be able to see. See this. I will show you.
Krish Naik: We have, we have. We have done a lot of things over here. You can see that almost 24 projects running over here inside my system. Okay, if you see with respect to this tracing projects, so all the monitorings specifically, whenever we develop
Krish Naik: all these things, you will be able to see this. Okay.
Krish Naik: so wait. Wait, I think why it is loading, because there's so much of data. Okay, so should I keep $5 in Openai for Api before next class? Yes. Now, here you can see all this request is basically basically being traced over here right? How many Llm calls each and everything. So we'll try to understand this, how it looks, how the Json chat Openai Json output parts, or how the tracing basically happens. Langsmith is free for 5,000 requests. So you can definitely use it. Okay?
Krish Naik: So Langsmith is free. Only the charges that will be going on is with respect to Openai Api Key, that is, $5 now remaining. Everything will be almost free. Okay, everything will be almost free, and one cloud aws, Cloud. When we go over there it will be something like that over there.
Krish Naik: So Langsmith actually provides you services which will be where you'll be able to trace each and every request how the tools are, how you are getting the output which models you're specifically using each and everything. Okay?
Krish Naik: And here. You'll also be able to get a playground. You'll be able to do the monitoring each and everything over here. See, monitoring is also there. With respect to this, like, let's say, if I go ahead and start over here, you should be able to see the charts each and everything. See how many requests is there? How many failed? Request? Trace latency? Everything. Okay. Aws. Also, they've been. They may be minor charges, but we are not going to use very huge this one. Okay.
Krish Naik: yeah, we are going to get an exposure of completely aws, because we are going to focus on aws. The reason why I'm not using azure because azure you require a business account, right? In case of aws, you don't require it. Okay.
Krish Naik: clear everyone. So what all things we require till now, as I have told
Krish Naik: what all things Gcp will see. Google. Vertex. Okay.
Krish Naik: we require 1st thing, what we require. Grok, right? When I say, Groq. Grok. So please make sure to create account over here. Groq. Okay, then, Openai, what you really need to do with respect to the Api key. Go ahead research, create account. Upload $5 in that. Okay? Don't buy chat. Gpt, $20 account. No.
Krish Naik: huh! Grok Api, that is chat Gpt is $20 Grok Api. We want to use the Api. So put $5 out there. Okay.
Krish Naik: then
Krish Naik: create an hugging face account, because you'll be seeing that in our hugging face account. We will be doing this just to give you an idea. We will be deploying all this stuff over here.
Krish Naik: like. for your deployment instantly, I'll show you over here. Only.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: And the last thing that you basically require is Langsmith. Okay, Langsmith, please go ahead and create an account with respect to Langsmith. Okay. But anyhow, I will show you every step as we go ahead. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, the last thing that I really want to talk about is the ecosystem about Langchain, which is really, really important. And what all things this specific ecosystem can do. Okay, we'll discuss about this, and then we'll close the session.
Krish Naik: See? Now, we have covered about pydentic. Okay? So here you can see pydentic compatibility on the left hand side is also there right? So with respect to compatibility, we have almost completed it. Now, this is really important to understand the entire ecosystem about the Langsmith.
Krish Naik: Now, in order to make you understand about the ecosystem. Here you can see that we are going to work with lang graph platform. There is integration. There is Langchain, there is the lang graph. And there is Langsmith.
Krish Naik: If you are using Langsmith, that basically means you're using this platform. So lang, what language did is that it? They created their own cloud platform, in which they provide all the specific services. So main aim of Langsmith is that here you specifically do debugging. You play with the playground. You do prompt management, you do annotation, you do, testing you do monitoring.
Krish Naik: So all those activities that are related to monitoring, testing, and that are related to debugging things that you will be doing with the help of Langsmith.
Krish Naik: Now, when we come. With respect to Langchain, this Langchain and Lang Graph are 2 important libraries that we specifically use Langchain. Specifically, we can use this to create generative AI application. Lang graph is basically used to create complex workflows and agentic AI application.
Krish Naik: Now, the 3rd thing that comes is integration. Can anybody tell me what this integrations are?
Krish Naik: Any guess normal guess?
Krish Naik: So integration basically means there are many, many service provider who provides tool access, who provide multiple things access. And all right. So if you probably just go ahead and click on how to guides. Okay.
Krish Naik: here, if you go to tutorials, or if I just go and search for lang chain tools
Krish Naik: right? And if I just go in and search for this tools. Right with version 3. Here you can see that I have so many different tools. Right? Bing, search, brief, go search, which are completely for free. They are paid 1,000 searches per month for Exa. Search right 100 search for sign up right. All these tools are there. So this is one kind of integration. Right? Similarly, there are different integration for document loaders. Let's say I want to upload a Csv file. So I can use this particular integration.
Krish Naik: If I want to directly read from a website, right? I want to load it from a website. So I can go ahead with this if I want to go ahead and read from Pdf. I can go ahead with this if I want to go ahead and work with any cloud providers. Aws, Sd. S, 3, directory and all, I can work with this. Right? So these are basically integrations. Okay, you have tools integration. You have document loaders, even, you have vector, store. dB, kind of things for your local right?
Krish Naik: So here you can see for Openai, you have this for azure. You have this for Google Gemini. You have for hugging face. You have Olama, you have Mistral AI, you have Nvidia, you have. Ibm. Watson, you have fake also. You have so fake is also one kind of database which will be able to create this
Krish Naik: right. And here the best part will be that from this particular vector store you will be able to do any kind of similarity. Search that also, I will be showing you. Okay. So these are all the part of integration now, embedding models are also there. Like, let's say, you want to use openai embedding azure, Google embedding models. What does the main functionality of the embedding models? It converts text into.
Krish Naik: Tell me, it converts text into vectors or vector embeddings right text into vector that is the main reason why we specifically use this. Now here, you can use Google, Generative AI, or here you can use open AI here. Even you can use hugging face.
Krish Naik: hugging, face, hugging face. Also, we'll be able to use it. So all this specific stuff, I'll be showing you from the next class. Okay? And then we will try to find the linkage. How it is really, really amazing how it goes ahead with this, and your learning will be fabulously amazing. Okay, so all these things we will 1st of all get to know in the Langchain part. Okay.
Krish Naik: Langchain part. And then the next part is that after we complete Langchain, we go ahead with the lang graph. So that is the reason I'm telling you to focus on this. We will 1st of all cover this Langchain. I will show you how to develop generative AI application by using this integrations and each and everything. Okay.
Krish Naik: does this make sense? Everyone?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Good enough.
Krish Naik: Excited.
Krish Naik: How was today's session?
Krish Naik: Amazing?
Krish Naik: Okay. Now, any point of time. What I do is that as soon as I cover the class right
Krish Naik: for you. Obviously this will be this will be
Krish Naik: this, say for you this all things will be I. As I showed you right. I am just going to go ahead and write the code. Everybody is going to go ahead and probably see this. Okay?
Krish Naik: And then, once we do this specific thing, then I'm going to share you in the form of zip file.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Vnv, environment is your task to create. Okay, I have just provided you requirement dot txt in this pydentic folder.
Krish Naik: Okay, clear.
Krish Naik: So here both the folder is there, and here, you can probably get it. Have you? Have everybody received the zip file?
Krish Naik: Yes, yeah.
Krish Naik: And don't worry, for all those people who have not got I will share it in the resources section with my team.
Krish Naik: Okay, okay.
Krish Naik: No need of discord group, no need of Batch group anything. We have all the community chat, and we will be able to do this. Okay?
Krish Naik: So we should just explore Pydentic and mail all these accounts. Yes, you should do it. And from the next class. When I start, Langchain, I will also start giving you assignments. Okay.
Krish Naik: okay, good enough.
Krish Naik: Now, I hope you rate me today. Well.
Krish Naik: otherwise my team will scold me, sir, what are you doing?
Krish Naik: You are not teaching. Well, then, I will be changed with other mentors. Okay, so let's
Krish Naik: okay. So go ahead and I've launched one
Krish Naik: Poll, please go ahead and rate it up for you
Krish Naik: and yes, download the file also. Okay.
Krish Naik: see, Bob.
Krish Naik: and there is strict rules in our team. We do not play with the feedbacks of yours. Every feedback is captured. There is a team who will make a score
Krish Naik: Nps score, we basically say.
Krish Naik: and we have to probably score up to something. If that is not there, my team will even question me, sir. What are you doing? Why are you doing? You don't know how to teach
Krish Naik: like that?
Krish Naik: Current Mps score at an average. If you see that our ratings are around 4.7 4.8
Krish Naik: for all the classes, sir, up to Maliko Malik, everybody is a worker. I also take salary.
Krish Naik: Okay, so we will just raise 2 poll requests, and then you will do it.
Krish Naik: Yeah, Jif will also be available in the website.
Krish Naik: Check Harvard pedagogy. It will improve training quality if I see any pedagogy also, no training quality will not improve in that way. Training quality is more about mentors and what they make the student do. Okay.
Krish Naik: there are some mentors who will come. Just teach and go right. There's some mentors who will give you more additional examples. Right?
Krish Naik: Shyam says, please tell me difference between typecasting and type. Hinting type. Hinting is, say, typecasting is more about converting one data type to the other type data type. Hinting basically means more about data, validating data. Validation.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: yes. Please create a Grod Api key Api account. I will anyhow show you, anyhow. But you please do that opening Api upload $5 so that you don't have to do that. Okay.
Krish Naik: just want to know which one is the best practice to focus completely what you teach and then to practice after the class. Yes, 1st of all, observe what I'm teaching, and then
Krish Naik: you do it by yourself.
Krish Naik: Explore more examples. Chatgpity is always your friend.
Krish Naik: Anyone is always your friend. Use Google Gemini. If you want.
Krish Naik: ask questions, see more examples, and see more different things. And as we go ahead we will be using all this stuff.
Krish Naik: Make, make, chat, gpt as your friend. Right with respect to Content and all.
Krish Naik: sir, you mentioned that you will be developing a Chatbot with the transcription of every class, the student can make use of that. Yes, I will give you that as an hackathon.
Krish Naik: Agree, Shuma Mahesh. All the classes.
Krish Naik: We will try to create a transcript, and I'll give you that as an hackathon. You do it. Okay.
Krish Naik: it'll be a good problem statement to solve
Krish Naik: how embeddings are fit into Langchain. See? Embeddings for fitting into a langchain basically means initially, whenever we load any documents, right? We have to read it up. And we have to convert that documents into vector if you want to store it into a vector database at that point of time, embedding is will be required.
Krish Naik: Okay, okay, so everybody has done the rating are the why 200 people are not rating
Krish Naik: quickly. Quickly. Rate it.
Krish Naik: Come on rate. Everyone.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: see all the kind of patterns we are trying to follow in our education sector right now in our Academy is that we have to make sure that everybody understands at least
Krish Naik: 60 to 70%, so that you will be able to do it by yourself. Okay, which model is best for voice. You have to use tts, like Google Tts, openai Tts is also there. Openai is very costly, you know.
Krish Naik: But again, at the end of the day we need to create a product where the cost is also not that much high?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: 11 labs is also good. Yeah.
Krish Naik: okay, I will give another 10 to 15 seconds, and then we will probably go ahead.
Krish Naik: I need to 1st of all ask the doubt clearing part
Krish Naik: whenever we design a product. Right? It is the main major factor is all about cost, you know.
Krish Naik: I don't want to charge my customers a huge amount of money like Chat Gpt right? Or $200.
Krish Naik: The reason they are put $200 because the cost there there is more than $200. Right? So that is the reason
Krish Naik: are we gonna learn about rag architecture? Yes, we are. Gonna do that. Why, your gaming headphones did you use in games? It's okay. Alright. This headphone is there from past 4 to 5 years. I'm using this, only I don't like to change older things, you know.
Krish Naik: See, my my writing pad. Now this is completely broken. If you see the tip right, I'll just show you the tip. This is completely broken.
Krish Naik: But I'm using this 6 years back.
Krish Naik: Oops. Sorry it's foiled up
Krish Naik: so 6 years back. I've taken all this specific stuff, but it is still working right now.
Krish Naik: Right? Why, I'm doing this. It is very simple.
Krish Naik: Let me see if everything is working fine or not yet.
Krish Naik: Yeah, it is working. I thought this broke.
Krish Naik: Yeah, good enough
Krish Naik: out of curiosity. How many students enrolled for this course.
Krish Naik: How many courses people bought? People are worried about that on me?
Krish Naik: Are you finding any problems in learning? Then you let me know.
Krish Naik: or you're not focusing on me.
Krish Naik: Yeah, occurring as our wait. Wait, wait, wait! Wait back.
Krish Naik: There is one more, one more feedback, Forum.
Krish Naik: Please go ahead and feel that right now I've raised it, and it'll be group.
Krish Naik: Scribble is the notebook you are using to visually explain. The concept is right. Yes, yes. Is the class done for only Q. And a. Yes, the class is done only Q&A left. Now I will allow people to talk. 1st of all, you can just raise your hand and you can let me know.
Krish Naik: Yeah, himen. Go ahead.
Krish Naik: Yeah, please go ahead, guys.
RAJESH ATMAKURI: Hi Krish rajesh here. I have a few questions 1st one is
RAJESH ATMAKURI: regarding that big data engineering course as well. So as you said that next month you're going to start big data with the AI.
Krish Naik: Not next month next to next month. I guess it will take 2 months time.
RAJESH ATMAKURI: So. So I want to know the difference between that normal big data course on Cloud Place with AI like, what would.
Krish Naik: Say right now, you take that cloud part. Okay.
Krish Naik: and later on, whenever you want to upgrade it. We will switch you to the new batch. You can do that.
RAJESH ATMAKURI: Okay. And right now, I'm actually working in. Dallas. Recently, I joined as a generative AI engineer
RAJESH ATMAKURI: here in the work like they are expecting like a complete full stack development. I don't know devops, and I'm not very good with Ml. Ops or Llm. Ops. So like, how is the industry changing? Like I see most? My delivery manager says most of the clients are asking everything full stack and all so pertaining to the generative AI and a what does complete full stack means? And what are all things coming to this room?
Krish Naik: And right now you are working in which domain you are saying.
RAJESH ATMAKURI: Jen AI. Just recently joined as a Gen. AI. Engineer.
Krish Naik: Now working as a engineer. Right?
Krish Naik: So 2 to 3 important things are there.
Krish Naik: One is Llm. Ops. Okay, you really need to be good at. Because now people are focusing more towards how you can take this application or agent application directly to the production.
RAJESH ATMAKURI: Okay.
Krish Naik: And I feel that that is definitely going to happen. And that is the reason we you, if you follow our courses, trends right, we have actually following the industry trends. That is happening.
Krish Naik: Okay, so that is the reason we are launching this Llm. Ops course next, so that there we directly discuss only about use cases, how a use case is basically designed. What is the problem statement, how we are specifically solving each and every steps how an agentica application can be solved and taken into deployment also. Okay, so that that is how you have to focus on
RAJESH ATMAKURI: And all that, and also in
RAJESH ATMAKURI: in the deployment and devops side in our project, and in my clients office they use mostly, you know this a terraform Iac automation. So.
Himen Trivedi: So.
RAJESH ATMAKURI: I've checked your videos and courses like, I haven't found anything on like Iac or telephone like
RAJESH ATMAKURI: I'm finding a bit trouble with that one to learn from the other sources so just wanted to understand like, would we? Would that be included in our Ml. Ops or Llm. Ops course, or it is.
Krish Naik: Do you mean by terraform? And all you mean? That is an envelops tool.
RAJESH ATMAKURI: Mlops tool. Okay?
RAJESH ATMAKURI: Okay? Because in our in in our client, like, they use terraform to create all the resources automatically and do the automation. So I'm not very well versed with that. So actually, I'm trying to learn that one as well as part of my.
Krish Naik: So terraform is just like kind of a scheduler. You can just see in that way, and everything gets executed in a pattern, you know when that things gets triggered, you can automate the entire pipeline with the help of terraform. Okay? But again, that is the kind of Mlops tools itself. Okay, there are different different Ml, Ops tools which we specifically use from Ml flow to terraform. To Grafana
Krish Naik: everything is for different different purposes itself. Okay? So my suggestion is that again, it is a part of devops. My suggestion would be focus more towards Mlops and Llmops. Since you are learning generative. AI!
Krish Naik: Hmm.
RAJESH ATMAKURI: Okay, and one more final question is, right now, here on my stem, opt, and I have only another something like 8, 9, 8, or 9 months of time here in us. If my h. 1 speak next year, then I would be here. Otherwise I have to move out of us. So I I was just thinking like, how would be Middle East good for AI jobs like.
Krish Naik: Yeah, definitely, that is good. Middle East has a lot of opportunities.
Krish Naik: But again, it's more like how you are connecting over there, how you're able to get it. I think Middle East is amazing.
Krish Naik: like, I was thinking like, why, many people are there in us. When there are so many opportunities when I went over there right?
Krish Naik: Oh, it's good. I think it's good.
RAJESH ATMAKURI: Like, like in the Middle East, to find the jobs. It's like a general job search. Only like, do we have to find any agencies, and through the visa processing.
Krish Naik: Think. To get to go into Middle East is like, 1st of all, you need to get an employment visa. So the best way is to apply in the job portals and then probably
Krish Naik: go over there.
Krish Naik: Okay.
RAJESH ATMAKURI: Sure, sure, thanks.
Krish Naik: Because there, once you get an employment, it will be for 2 years of visa directly, and you can switch any number of time within those 2 years.
RAJESH ATMAKURI: Okay. And previously, as you were telling, like, it's a bit of costly, and the cost of living is tough there, like what would be.
Krish Naik: Dang less than us.
RAJESH ATMAKURI: Okay, less than us. Okay, no. So like, what would be the salary ranges? For example, I have experience of 4 and a half to 5 years in data analytics. And now, not more than 6 months into generative AI. So if I work for another one and a half year to 2 years here, and after that I'll go to Dubai, or somewhere.
Krish Naik: If you'll see for development thing 10 to 12 K. Dirham will be more than sufficient every month, I guess. So. There are no taxes also? Not there. No, for income tax is also not there.
RAJESH ATMAKURI: Sure. Thank you.
Krish Naik: Next question, please.
l s kiran: I'm audible. Kiran here I'm 1st time speaking with you. I'm big fan of your teaching, so I learned a lot let me quickly go to the question. So Grok is giving the free Api for the managed open source models. Right? So. And we are using it. So how come they provide that as a free
l s kiran: is my 1st question.
Krish Naik: So for some number of requests they'll provide it for free, not for every tons of requests.
Krish Naik: so that the people should be able to see it right like how I provide free courses so that you come and see my teaching.
l s kiran: Okay, thanks. And another question is related to the my current use case I will not get into deeper in short how to do the rag with the images.
l s kiran: So let's say, if I have a text, then I have a clear picture based on your videos, let's say, if you have same thing if you want to do with the images.
l s kiran: Hmm, how to do that?
Krish Naik: See, I'm shocked.
l s kiran: Oh, in overall top view itself fine, because I don't want to take much time. Yeah.
Krish Naik: See, there are 2 to 3 different things. What you can do over here, right? With respect to images, you have to take out the metadata information, and that can be taken out if you use the right kind of Llm.
Krish Naik: I'll not say Llm. Lim large e-bage model.
l s kiran: Okay.
Krish Naik: Okay? So from the large image model, when you probably read the images.
Krish Naik: you can get the information out of it. And then you can convert that into vectors.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: and the other thing is that there is also concept wherein you combine text and images together. Also, you know, because in documents you will have text, and you will have images also. And the 3rd thing that you can use is vision transformer. So so many different options are there.
l s kiran: Okay, let's say, if I have a gamma model vision model. And then I have a 10,000 cancer images. Now, I want to ask Llm. Model about the given image. Then what you are saying. I have to convert the 10,000 image to the metadata using
l s kiran: image model, and then use that into the store in the vector dB, but when.
Krish Naik: What have you want to do? What you want of task you want to do.
l s kiran: Okay? So I'm in healthcare. Actually, I'm in healthcare. So our requirement is to
l s kiran: host a model which is a open source vision model. And then we have also a lung cancer images which is around 4.7 tb, and it is around
l s kiran: maybe one lakh images. So we want to. Don't want to do the fine tuning of that model. Okay, we want to put it into the like. Vector dB, we want to put it into a rag based? Because when I give the image of the lung cancer image, it has to find the relevant image and also their results. Let's say the data. What I have is, let's say I have a lung cancer image with cancerous or not.
l s kiran: So yes, sir, no, it's a Boolean. So I have this data already. We have image, and then image result also. We are having in a metadata. So how to retrieve the related images. And take it as a context to the model.
l s kiran: and then get the output for the given inference. Api.
Krish Naik: See, I'll give you one link. Okay, it's a good article. You can just refer this.
Krish Naik: Do you get.
l s kiran: Maybe I'll also use some more context. I am a data science platform tech lead. But I am not a Pharma guy. But we have a data scientist doctors who are working with us. So I am providing a platform under technology to them. So if I get a little knowledge, I can work along with them. That is the background of this question. I'll go through this. Thanks.
Krish Naik: Sure and anytime, right? Let's develop this use case within your group. Also, if you want right? We can probably put the problem statement in front of everyone. We'll convert that into a hackathon. We'll do multiple things. And then, if you feel that if anybody is doing well, you can also provide them opportunities. If you want. Okay.
l s kiran: Sure. Actually, it is stuck with me. Now they're asking high computing and high gpu. So once, if I
l s kiran: it will always be, they can proceed.
Krish Naik: Yay, I'll be there.
l s kiran: Yeah, yeah. So I'm I that is blocked there. I'm providing them all those required infra. Then they will start it. Then definitely, I will put up as a use case. Thank you.
Krish Naik: Sure. Sure.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Next question, please.
Himen Trivedi: Hi Krish.
Namrata Thakur: So please.
Krish Naik: Yeah. One lady is trying to talk. Yeah, Namrata, go ahead, please.
Namrata Thakur: I have one question. This is regarding that Lamchain platform that you showed in the class. So there was one other final in that block where there was lamp integration. There was another thing called Lang Graph platform what? And it was written, it is for deployment. So I don't.
Krish Naik: So Langraft platform is what Langraft is doing is that they provide you deployment cloud platform also, along with that they also provide you one tool, which is called as Langraft Studio, to debug the Langraft application. It includes both of them.
Namrata Thakur: Okay? So the applications that will develop using landraft, we can deploy those directly in that platform instead of using any other cloud like the azure. Ada.
Krish Naik: Yes.
Namrata Thakur: Oh, have you just.
Raja S: Next question. Hi! Krish! Himant rivedi! Go ahead!
Himen Trivedi: Yeah, hey, Krish? Thanks for opportunity. I'm working on a use case for past 3 months. Now, you know. And I'm basically a data engineer. But now we are expected to be an you know back end engineer. So I want to know, you know, if there is an roadmap in your upcoming courses, where you know you have. You are teaching on a Api building part along with, you know, devops and
Himen Trivedi: and the Jani integration.
Krish Naik: Api Building, with which programming language.
Himen Trivedi: In a python. Yeah, I mean, I saw one of your video recently on a fast Api on a Youtube. But you know. I've been doing the second use case in my company. And this is how the pattern I see in the enterprise level, where you know everything is exposed in Api, and you know, and me, coming from a data engineering background, does not have a have a thorough knowledge on it. So I I don't get all the nuances at a once. So, looking
Himen Trivedi: for an answer to that question.
Krish Naik: See, Api development is more about learning some frameworks. Okay, it can be fast. Api, I would suggest, go ahead with fast Api
Krish Naik: and learn in and out of that entirely.
Krish Naik: Okay, that is really important. If you learn in and out of that, I think you'll be able to easily create the back end part with the help of fast Api and all. Okay, like, create a Api, you create swagger documentation each and everything. Okay.
Himen Trivedi: Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, my suggestion would be that just take one of the framework and start learning it. That's it.
Krish Naik: There is no such roadmap. Just go ahead and start learning that.
Himen Trivedi: Okay? And do we have any courses right now for devops under the Krish Academy as well.
Krish Naik: Not devops we have. We are coming up with Llm. Ops and Mlops next month.
Himen Trivedi: Okay, yeah. Thank you. Krish.
Krish Naik: So that is the reason I'm telling you. Please go ahead and take the AI pro back so that your course will get subtracted. Your fees will get subtracted from there and remaining fees you just have to pay. You'll be able to get access of all the courses.
Krish Naik: because my team is also taking data science. There also they may teach fast Api. They may teach how to create the back end part, how to create end, to end projects each and everything.
Himen Trivedi: Understood. Thanks. Krishna.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Next, question, please.
Raja S: Yeah. Hi, sorry.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah.
hasim syed: Hey? Awesome. Sorry.
Krish Naik: Hashim Hashim after this. Okay, Raja, please go ahead.
Raja S: Yeah, so I like one quick question, right? So we have so many tools available in the market. Right now, right? So basically, like, Google is coming with the agent. Space and Aws already have bedrock
Raja S: and parallelly. We can also go and create our own agents locally and on parallel, we have 4 tools we have.
Raja S: My question is like, when I do orchestration right? I have a complex use case where I have to develop multiple agents. And I can go and create a bedrock agent for some of the services which I need from Aws, I can create a bedrock agent or lambda function, and then I can go and access, and for some use cases which I will develop it locally and access it through Mcp. Server, which is a locally developed Mcp. Server for the endpoints, some of the Ap. Endpoints.
Raja S: So my question is like, it's kind of getting confused of during the orchestration. I have to actually choose the local agents and unparalleled. I have to go and fetch bedrock agents also. Is that fine that actually, I mean kind of I'm looking for an architecture. So because agents will be in multiple places, might be coming from agent space might be coming from bedrock or
Raja S: so. That kind of I'm getting confused on how to design, and
Raja S: I want to keep it simple. Yeah.
Krish Naik: There are multiple ways how you can decide in this specific way. 1st of all, when you are using any framework, right? Just see that within that framework, whether there is an integration or not.
Krish Naik: Okay, if some integration is already available in that just directly integrate those that in that particular framework. If it is not there, then go with all these other means, all the other perspective that you're talking about right now, like we can integrate in this way and that way, because at the end of the day, right when you're executing this entire flow one important thing is that you need to always make sure that how much time it is probably taking you to execute the entire workflow also, because performance is important.
Krish Naik: Efficiency is important. Right? So that is the reason why I'm actually taking talking about.
Krish Naik: Does that make sense.
Raja S: Yes, yes, because.
Krish Naik: You can. You can place everywhere what? Why, I'm showing you lang graph over here, because in the granular level changes also, you can make it through lang. Graph. Lang graph has amazing integrations, each and everything right. Lambda also coming up with Mcp right now, if you're going towards production base, don't start using Mcp right now, because it's still evolving. There's so many things that are probably coming up right. So it is still evolving. So right now, I would suggest. Just try to think in that way and try to keep it in a manner that you can just plug and play.
Krish Naik: That's it.
Raja S: Okay, thank you. Makes sense, I hope. Raja. Yes.
Raja S: yes. One more question regarding the Pydantic. Right? So when you said that, Pyradantic.
Raja S: I'm just just curious. I'm just curious, after learning more about pine hunting diet, whether Mcp is using the py dancing in the background.
Krish Naik: Yes, Mcp, they will also write the code you'll be seeing in lang graph when we create our agents here. Also, we'll be using Pydentic itself.
Raja S: Got it. Okay, thank you. Appreciate it.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
hasim syed: Hey? Chris,
Krish Naik: Yeah. Please. Go ahead.
hasim syed: I have a question. So we have. We are building a knowledge driver that is, and we have, like 200,000 300,000 Pdf, file. Internally.
hasim syed: copyrights, we are vectorizing that into a vector, data bit, quad quadrant. Yeah. Quadrant. And then Llm model, we are deploying on bedrock.
hasim syed: Now, we want external publication also to be part of of our knowledge, retrieval. So we are thinking, Mcp can talk to the the Google publications or public publications. Right?
hasim syed: But I'm still not integrated. I'm just little confused that we are vectorizing our Pdf, which is 200,000 plus. But then, when Mcp or Api points to
hasim syed: publication outside which are the Pdf file. Why does that vectorization happens in our vector database? And if it doesn't happen, then how it, how it is solving the
hasim syed: the search problem.
Krish Naik: Sir. I would just like to request you like. You are saying that you have your own Pdf. Documents. Okay.
hasim syed: So we have 2,000 200,000 Pdf already vectorized into one of the vector database. Okay.
Krish Naik: Okay. Okay.
hasim syed: We have vectors in a 1 vector database, and then we have a knowledge retriever. But that knowledge retriever is just internal to our 200,000. Pdf, now we want external publications which are like in
hasim syed: millions right across the University, Stanford, Harvard. Whatever right we want to, we want to point our Mp. Or Api. We haven't figured out the solution that will point to this external publication, so we can also derive the knowledge from that data set. But I have a question that we are vectorizing our Pdf.
hasim syed: but why we don't have to vectorize the Stanford 10,000 Pdf or Harvard. 5,000 P Pdf.
Krish Naik: Because they have already taken care of it now. So they what they have done is that they have given you an Api. Right, let's imagine that you are whenever you're making a request, searching from that external database internally, that data will 1st of all get converted into vector embedding at their side, and then it will be retrieving from their database, and it will be bringing that data and giving you in the right format.
hasim syed: Okay, okay, so.
Krish Naik: You don't know how they have implemented it.
Krish Naik: Okay, okay.
Krish Naik: Service providers, right?
hasim syed: So if I point that, hey, give me the latest research on AI algorithm Xyz.
Krish Naik: You too.
hasim syed: Pull from our data set. But then we also pull from Stanford and Harvard Api. That can give a very comprehensive answer, based on the latest finding of that research.
Krish Naik: Yes, yes.
hasim syed: Okay.
Krish Naik: So for your solution, you can directly use the Rsif tool.
Krish Naik: Already it is there.
hasim syed: Yeah, I, I saw Rc, it has a lot of publications pre-public.
hasim syed: We use Google, public Google, also, Google publication. Open.
hasim syed: Okay. Thank you.
hasim syed: Thank you.
Satish Tiwari: High case. So this year.
Krish Naik: But.
abirg: So Italy I have registered in your, so I think there is a 99.
Satish Tiwari: I'm doing it so. Is it sufficient, or do I need to enroll?
Satish Tiwari: Is it sufficient?
Satish Tiwari: What is your second.
Krish Naik: Sir, can you just repeat? Your voice is very feeble, sir.
Satish Tiwari: Is it okay, ma'am? Hello!
Krish Naik: A lot of background noise, is there? But yes, please tell me, Christian, yeah, yeah, please.
Satish Tiwari: Yeah, actually, I have your yearly courses. Okay, that is a 99.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Satish Tiwari: There is a complete data science email. So is it sufficient for me? Or should I enroll through your courses which is currently going.
Krish Naik: It depends. See now, online courses, how much time you are able to give live courses. What happens is that people are able to give the 3 h, because they know that once they go away they just have to go ahead and practice it right? So it depends on you. So if you think that you are able to do it from the recordings, I would suggest, go ahead with the Udemy. Otherwise you can just go ahead and join our Udemy badge. Sorry data science batch, which is started last month. Okay.
Satish Tiwari: But is there? There is no any differences, I think same.
Krish Naik: No, no, this! In this live batches there will be more additional topics.
Satish Tiwari: Okay.
Krish Naik: It is an 8 months program. So we'll be covering many things.
Satish Tiwari: But here I am able to see that last updated in 2,025. I think you have some
Satish Tiwari: appended. Okay, in that utility.
Satish Tiwari: Last update is 2,025.
Krish Naik: Last updated. Yeah, some some of the updates exercises. We are updating it.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Satish Tiwari: And one.
Krish Naik: With the live classes, there will be more added values, and compared to the recorded.
Satish Tiwari: Okay? And today's session, I think you have explained that.
Satish Tiwari: So can we apply more than one constant on the same page?
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Satish Tiwari: Can we apply.
Krish Naik: Sorry. Sorry.
Satish Tiwari: Can we apply more than one constant on the same thing?
Krish Naik: One constant on the same.
Satish Tiwari: More than more than one, more than one. Because suppose
Satish Tiwari: there is one validation you have given us that less than greater than we can attend.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah, we can. We can. We can apply, sir.
Krish Naik: Apply. Now, okay.
Satish Tiwari: Thanks, thanks.
Krish Naik: Yep.
Husain Ahamed: Have a good one.
abirg: Yeah, Hello, Krish, this is our video.
abirg: So I have taken 5 of the courses like we were talking about to improve ourselves.
abirg: And currently, I'm working in the it industry. But I'm part of the requirement analysis group. So I'm not really into coding as as that much in the company itself right now. But parallel, I have always been
abirg: more into development. And I have, like, I have a basic knowledge of python and data like validation and all and parenthe like the basic I used to know beforehand. But in the 1st class only you said that if you don't have the knowledge. You start taking the Udemy courses, and you'll start to learn. So what I have done is, I have got 5 courses like the
abirg: Python Dsa, the generative AI, with land chain and hugging face, the mathematics for data science. And Ml, then the complete computer vision boot camp. So I will be doing this course. And what would you suggest should be the time like, what courses should I do 1st from the Udemy if I.
Krish Naik: Python, Python, python, with Dsa Python, with Dsa.
abirg: Okay, after that, what I should follow data, data, science.
Krish Naik: Data, science, one.
abirg: Okay, okay. And after that, should I go with.
Krish Naik: Generate event.
abirg: And I should keep the computer vision boot camp for the end.
Krish Naik: Last.
abirg: Okay, thank you very much. That's all. Good.
Krish Naik: Next question. Yeah. Please. Go ahead.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Rahul, go ahead, please.
Rahul Murarka: Built identical framework, bring predictability in interpreting the output of Llm.
Husain Ahamed: You're gonna call.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Husain Ahamed: Output.
Krish Naik: Of Llm. Yes.
Krish Naik: So if based on my condition, I want this kind of output of Llm. I can also integrate the data model directly into the Llm. Model itself. Llm. Output model itself right.
Rahul Murarka: All right.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Rahul Murarka: So my second question is, I'm working on one of the use case where I'm supposed to read a
Rahul Murarka: a document or, let's say, a scanned file which will have a lot of sense, a lot of set of documents. Let's say, 5 to 7 types of documents. I'm supposed to classify the documents as well, plus, I'm supposed to. Read the handwritten documents. Okay.
Rahul Murarka: currently, bedrock has a limitation of 4.5 MB. Of pushing one document. So are you aware of some other services? Manage services which can help, and which are as powerful as let's say, Claude. sorry, as powerful as
Rahul Murarka: the sonnet models.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Rahul Murarka: Which can help me to read around a document size of 20 MB.
Krish Naik: See reading document is from Document Loader.
Krish Naik: I don't know why you're dependent on any Llm. Models for this.
Krish Naik: So document Loader can probably read any kind of document. So let it be a Pdf. Or a word, Doc, or anything as such. Okay.
Rahul Murarka: Okay. Okay.
Krish Naik: So the next question that you are trying to ask is, what sorry I didn't get it.
Rahul Murarka: Basically. I want to read a document which is larger in size around 20 MB,
Rahul Murarka: bedrock currently offers that you can only push
Rahul Murarka: around a document size of 4.5 MB. When you are using a sonnet model.
Rahul Murarka: and then you can.
Krish Naik: Change. Llms, that's not a big issue. I would suggest. 1st you load the document, divide that into chunks, and then send it to bedrock.
Rahul Murarka: All right, sure.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Rahul Murarka: Thank you.
Husain Ahamed: Hello! Krish!
Krish Naik: Way when they don't.
poo vendhiran: 1st of all, thanks for your wonderful session and regarding the Lang graph. Because how the knowledge graph is differ from the lang graph. Because why? I'm asking this question. I just before this this course I have done on Hackathon. So what I have done it like, I just introduced a knowledge graph on top of the land, graph. Sorry in the lang chain, frameworks and all. So I just got confused on the top of it. Could you please explain that.
Krish Naik: Knowledge graph is another kind of vector database concept. You can see right in vector database how things happen. You basically go ahead and do semantic search right in knowledge, graph vector database. The search mechanism is different.
poo vendhiran: Okay. But it is the same pattern that land graph is also following the same similarity kind of functionalities, or something like that.
Krish Naik: Yes.
Krish Naik: Okay, see, it's like, don't consider knowledge. Graph knowledge graph is just like 1 1 external source, right? Which uses knowledge graph concept or directed cyclic graph like that right where the search happens using this knowledge graph concepts right? There are Neo, J. Query. And all right. So all those things basically happens with respect to knowledge graph yeah.
poo vendhiran: Okay.
poo vendhiran: Okay. Thanks.
Pranit G: Hello, Chris!
Swati Gupta: Can I go next.
Krish Naik: Hmm, yeah, please go ahead. So.
Krish Naik: Sorry. Who was this lady? Sorry?
Swati Gupta: Yes, sir.
Krish Naik: Swati! Go ahead, please.
Swati Gupta: Thank you so much, sir. It was a wonderful session. I have few questions. I'm working on a data set involving online listings that may include, like sensitive or high risk content. It contains both structured and unstructured data in unstructured data. It is like reviews and services text.
Swati Gupta: It doesn't have any ground truth labels. Yet I have to create a
Swati Gupta: a model which basically categorizes in safe or unsafe label. So what could be a best approach to create reliable ground truth in this case.
Krish Naik: Create a machine learning model, ma'am. Simple. Don't go with this complex stuff. No.
Krish Naik: because here a simple classification is only required for your use. Case.
Swati Gupta: Sir. It doesn't have any ground truth data yet.
Krish Naik: It does not have any ground foot data.
Swati Gupta: Yes.
Krish Naik: And how you identify.
Krish Naik: Then you have to do manual annotation, ma'am.
Swati Gupta: There are. There is no any any like Llm. Stuff or any slm. I don't know
Krish Naik: The kind of data that you're using. 1st of all, just try to give an instruction to chat, gpt, upload that data and see that whether you're able to get the right output or not.
Krish Naik: otherwise, you have to create your own custom annotation.
Swati Gupta: Return. Are you board and receipt.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Swati Gupta: Okay, okay, I I have few more questions, sir. Actually, I I this is more of a request. I couldn't find a detailed video on your channel for Pydentic
Krish Naik: Already uploaded.
Swati Gupta: You. You have it. Actually, I was finding it, but I didn't get it. Maybe I'll.
Krish Naik: Graph. Just see lang graph playlist over there.
Swati Gupta: Sure, sir, and then can we use slms in agent Dki systems for maybe Finance domain, or even.
Krish Naik: Perfect.
Swati Gupta: I was thinking, Yeah.
Krish Naik: Any kind of models you can use.
Swati Gupta: Sir, can I use it for ground? Truth as well.
Krish Naik: Just try it out that only I'm saying no how the Llm. Is going to provide you the output. I don't know. Okay, based on your data, because I've not seen your data. No.
Swati Gupta: Hmm, hmm.
Krish Naik: Just try it out and see the output. If it is coming accurately, you can basically use it.
Swati Gupta: So you are saying I should go with the Gpt. Only, and try that and verify it.
Krish Naik: Yes.
Swati Gupta: Okay, sir, thank you so much. And also, sir, which drawing tablet do you use for creating your lectures? It looks like really great.
Krish Naik: Scribble notebook, ma'am, from Microsoft. It is ₹300.
Swati Gupta: Sir, drawing tablet, I am saying.
Krish Naik: Also xpen.
Swati Gupta: It's a lot to.
Pranit G: Hello, Chris, sir.
Pranit G: Yeah, please go ahead, sir. Thank you for this opportunity. Actually, sir, I'm a data engineer here having experience of 3 and 3.5 years I'm actually totally new to this and all concept. And I have enrolled for the 2.0 batch as well. So my question is, how this embeddings when you say about the embeddings, how this is related to our language and means how it fits into that. So I just want to know about that.
Krish Naik: Embedding is just used to convert a text into vectors. That's it.
Pranit G: Okay, and how it fits into. And this ecosystem.
Krish Naik: Because in the workflow and pipeline we will be developing those one functionality.
Pranit G: Okay, and, sir, if there is any short road map for me, because this system is completely understand that I I should follow, or I should try to create some app by myself is anything you you can you please.
Krish Naik: Radio use radio concept and develop any kind of application that you want.
Krish Naik: Greedio. Yeah.
Pranit G: Okay. Okay, sure, sir.
Pranit G: Thank you, sir. Yeah. That's from mine.
pranav suryawanshi: Hello!
Krish Naik: Yeah, Prana, go ahead one by one. Guys, I don't worry. I will answer everybody's question. We'll try to finish it within 30, 40 min. Okay, so keep on asking, yeah, wait, please wait. One by one. I am only one Krish. If I had 10 Krish, I divided your batch into 10, so that all the queries would be answered, yeah, please go ahead. Pranav. Yeah.
pranav suryawanshi: So what topics of Dl and Nlp, we should have knowledge for this course from.
Krish Naik: Completely it is good to have knowledge directly from Rnn. To completely your transformers and all.
pranav suryawanshi: Up to what depth which you know, that.
Krish Naik: Good depth. I'll always suggest good depth.
pranav suryawanshi: Okay? Because currently, I have done my data science course from I neuron. And after that, I starting learning some basic stuff of deep learning for this course. And then I saw this course, and I was very interested into that, because in my company I also worked some Poc on the rack, and I want to get into this industry. So that's why I asked.
Krish Naik: Yes, just make sure that you do properly all this basic stuff, because some or the other way, they will ask this, okay.
pranav suryawanshi: Yes, thank you.
Krish Naik: Okay, mohit, go ahead. Abkahat duka ratabhai bulldo.
Mohit Sharma: Sir! Good morning.
Krish Naik: Good morning!
Mohit Sharma: Yeah. So, sir, I just wanted to ask one question. Have you seen like an airlines have a capability of
Mohit Sharma: predicting
Mohit Sharma: anything. Let's say, if I want to ask or design a case where I want to predict machine failure for next in next 6 h or so does it have like pattern recognition thing, because.
Krish Naik: Yes, I'm not sure.
Mohit Sharma: Like, and how.
Krish Naik: Machine learning, algorithm, simple machine learning, algorithm.
Mohit Sharma: Don't use any. Llms.
Mohit Sharma: Okay, don't use. No, no. I just wanted to ask whether Llm has the capability.
Krish Naik: Yeah, see, Llm is more about. Understand? See Llm. Capabilities. What like Llm is good at text generation. It is good at code generation. Yes, you can ask query how to probably solve this particular use case. It will probably give you a simple machine learning algorithm to do that
Krish Naik: whenever you have data, numerical data, pattern recognition and all you have to use core machine learning algorithms for that.
Mohit Sharma: But isn't it like the new models, 4.1 and all? They are saying that they have good at, you know, deciphering the numerical data as well, and for the pattern, recognition and all.
Krish Naik: Yeah, they'll give you suggestions. They'll they'll give you. They'll write you a code and give it to you.
Krish Naik: you know, but
Krish Naik: not they'll not generate something. Say, see one, that there is a very important thing that you really need to understand. When should we specifically use Llms right?
Krish Naik: What do you think like? What task you are able to do with Chat Gpt? You'll be able to ask code. You'll be able to do something you'll be able to do anything related to code, generation and all. But just imagine this kind of use cases where you're trying to indicate when a service is going to fail. That is going to happen, based on the previous data that you have right.
Mohit Sharma: Right. But can't I like given the prompt? Let's say I upload a file that hey? Analyze the pattern and use a random forest kind of like algorithm in the prompt. And then it can, you know, generate a like a question.
Krish Naik: Is that? Okay, just try it out with chat. Gpt, what kind of response.
Mohit Sharma: I tried. I tried. I'm getting the response as well right, but the issue is like how to how to, you know. Make the out how to evaluate the output like whether it's right or or wrong. So that's where I'm lacking like how to use the
Mohit Sharma: you know how to evaluate that it's the right answer or not.
Krish Naik: See? you have to use the evaluation techniques that is available in machine learning. You need to have some kind of data.
Krish Naik: some annotated data, some truth data. And once you get the output, you need to compare with that. Now just try to. Now this much things you have written in the prompt. Also give the truth data and see that. Try to compare it, whether it is right or not.
Krish Naik: Yeah. But yeah.
Krish Naik: And I did not suggest to go with Llm. You are using. Okay, think about going into production. Will you take the Llm. To production or use? Manage Api services when you can directly deploy this smaller machine learning model into the cloud.
Krish Naik: See the cost factor? No, sir.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Mohit Sharma: Yeah, yeah, I agree.
Mohit Sharma: But thanks.
Krish Naik: Next question, please.
Roopendra_Solanki: Hi Krish.
Krish Naik: Yeah rupendra. Go ahead.
Roopendra_Solanki: Yeah, Hi, kush, so in our, we have lot, many legacy applications, basically. So they does not provide any Apis as such. So how do we, you know, integrate our Mcp stuff, or how we should design our architecture so that our legacy applications may be enabled with Mcp.
Krish Naik: Legacy system needs to be enabled with Mcp.
Roopendra_Solanki: Legacy applications, basically. And the applications which are just, you know, they does not have Apis or something
Roopendra_Solanki: kind of yeah, let's say, we have something, some software, maybe right?
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Roopendra_Solanki: Which does not have Apis basically. So how do we interact or build an Mcp so that it can, you know, connect with it.
Krish Naik: So for Mcp the communication is completely different. Right? We use Mcp protocol to communicate with that right.
Roopendra_Solanki: Good-, good.
Krish Naik: Right.
Roopendra_Solanki: Where, where we should be writing our logic so that it can interact with everything.
Krish Naik: You'll not be able to write the logic directly, because there are some requirements for that. Mcp will work only with this upgraded python environment like, let's say if you say that, hey, my python is in 3.7. Whether Mcp will work with this? No, it will not work
Krish Naik: night.
Roopendra_Solanki: Okay, so.
Krish Naik: It is going to work with a higher version. Right? So all you have to do is that you have to create a dedicated separate application. Then whatever output you are basically getting, convert that into an Api and try to expose that to your legacy application.
Roopendra_Solanki: And is it mandatory that our application should be in Python?
Roopendra_Solanki: I mean to connect with Mcp. Server, or something.
Krish Naik: No.
Roopendra_Solanki: Is it? It's.
Krish Naik: So that is the reason I'm telling you know, whatever Mcp. Server you have converted try to expose an endpoint in the form of Api.
Krish Naik: okay, when you have Api, then you can integrate with any other platforms.
Roopendra_Solanki: So application has to have an Api thing, and then it has to connect. Thank you. Thanks.
Krish Naik: How to application, communicate right if I want to communicate with some other application. Api is the best way.
Roopendra_Solanki: Yeah, yeah, okay, thank you.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Next, question, please.
Salman Ali: Hi Krish.
Saurabh Verma: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Salman, Ali, go ahead.
Salman Ali: Yeah, Hi, so Akrish, I have like 10 years experience when mostly into data engineering and but new to aiml word. And so I just wanted to know. I've explored the option of data science before. But really didn't like it. How if I want to continue with the data engineering and integrate with AI and go as a Aiml engineer.
Salman Ali: How much data science knowledge I need to have to continue with this. And is it really like I have to go very deep into it, or just a basic level, you know, to all the models. And Lm, nlp, and all those things. How how would it be? How should I continue the roadmap in this case?
Krish Naik: For generative aisc.
Salman Ali: Yes, for generative AI or Aim engineers. Yes.
Krish Naik: Right now, you're working in big data. You're saying right.
Salman Ali: Correct, correct.
Krish Naik: So how is your programming language and all? It's good.
Salman Ali: Yeah, so yeah, yeah, that's that's really good. So I've been into some working in py spark spark streaming Kafka. So probably multiple tools as well, and I've experienced in both python and this color as well. So that is fine.
Krish Naik: Because, say, in this particular scenario, you have to follow the same old pattern like, what pattern I usually suggest right from Nlp to generative AI to understanding how to develop generative AI application. And all.
Krish Naik: Since your basic is good, your programming is good. Then you can start in this pattern.
Salman Ali: So I mean, so nlp has to go deep into it right? I mean like everything.
Krish Naik: If if you are planning to go into generative, A, then Nlp has to be very deep.
Salman Ali: Okay. Okay.
srihari Vanga: Thank you.
Salman Ali: Okay, one more question Krish on the same note so we're planning so I'm planning. So one optimizations within the team. Regarding the query optimizer where we have identified some long running queries. But and then, on top of that, we want to send it to Llm so that it can suggest, okay, what all optimization can be done on top of those queries.
Salman Ali: Now, my concern is we can get the output with the prompts and all we can see. Okay, these are the outputs. How can we make it? Agentic
Salman Ali: so that it can run the queries and see if it is working. I mean, if it is taking it, because let's say it is a production, queries and like query, right now it is taking 1 h. And I can. I got the session? Okay, this is the suggestion. Okay, you do this kind of, and you do this changes. But running those.
Krish Naik: I'll I'll show you, sir. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll tell you. When I'm developing an AI agents, not an agent application. This kind of use cases we have already okay, and I will show you in that same thing. So this use case will get solved right now, just by saying it. It'll very be very difficult, because when you create an AI agent and when you use that react architecture, so there is something called as a react architecture. It is able to do that very well.
Salman Ali: Okay, just last thing is there a way we can see the recordings of today's videos somewhere.
Krish Naik: Within 24 h it will get uploaded in a course dashboard.
Salman Ali: Okay. Thank you.
souradeep: Please? Can I speak? Can I speak?
Krish Naik: Yeah, please, please, please go ahead.
Krish Naik: This is feeling, yeah. She
Krish Naik: actually last 2 days I'm waiting for you. I'm not able to get a chance.
srihari Vanga: Couple of questions Christian, too.
srihari Vanga: One thing is, there is a Ppm in 2 dot. 0. Workflow is there? And we now you are introducing the agentic workflow.
srihari Vanga: So what is the relation, or can we collaborators? These things are both are independent.
srihari Vanga: Sorry.
Krish Naik: Sorry. Can you just repeat, can you just.
srihari Vanga: For example, workflow kind of, I think. Bpm, and 2 dot 0 industry standards are following that.
srihari Vanga: Now, how this agenting workflow solves the ppm, and 2 dot 0 specific workflows patterns as well.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
srihari Vanga: That is the 1st question. Because all the workflows industry, all industries are following the prepayment, 2 dot 0 patterns.
Krish Naik: What is Bpm, 2. 0 patents.
srihari Vanga: Business process, management, notation.
Krish Naik: Okay. Okay.
srihari Vanga: So that is the industry standards and everybody is following that case, management and Bpm. Management and decision management.
Krish Naik: Okay.
srihari Vanga: So agent. So everybody is solving through workflows in this pattern.
srihari Vanga: Now the question is, my agentic workflow will solve those kind of a patterns or not.
Krish Naik: Yes, it'll it will.
srihari Vanga: This.
Krish Naik: Yes, this is a level of granular changes. Whatever changes you want, you will be able to do it very much easily. You don't have to worry about anything as such.
Krish Naik: So it is so processed wise. Whatever process you follow, you just need to
Krish Naik: just take that move that block here and there, and it'll work. That's it.
srihari Vanga: The second question is more about like a we have a lot of data. Is there domain? We have a lot of 600 products are there. And data is very huge
srihari Vanga: across 600 products. We need a data set. We have, we have to define that. Then we have to do the fine tune
srihari Vanga: instead of going to the public. Llm. We want to do in a private Llm.
srihari Vanga: Fine tune the data. How easy to do across products as a generic data set.
Krish Naik: For a generic data set. You're saying.
srihari Vanga: Yes.
Krish Naik: It is easy. See? Majority of the time. With respect to this kind of use, cases goes on data annotation.
Krish Naik: how you are specifically creating the data and all fine tuning, and all part is very easy, because now all the cloud platform provide Gpus, from Ibm to Aws, to Google, cloud to azure. Everybody provides it. Okay, so fine tuning techniques follows some steps which is probably easily given in the documentation. But the major challenge is how you can actually create a data annotation part. That is the major challenge out there.
srihari Vanga: Do you have quotes on this fish.
Krish Naik: Fine tuning you're saying.
srihari Vanga: Yes, fine tuning.
Krish Naik: Fine-tuning. We are coming up with a new demi course soon enough. It will take time.
Krish Naik: but we will. We will come up with that.
srihari Vanga: Thank you.
souradeep: Can I speak, sir?
Krish Naik: Yeah. Please. Go ahead.
tanmoy: Like this.
souradeep: So, yeah.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Sorry. Deep. Good.
souradeep: Yes, sir, means I have one thing that I only have internship experience in
souradeep: data, science and machine learning, and I also have some carrier gaps, but to
souradeep: but to transform that machine learning to that full time job. So I am getting stuck. So can you please.
Krish Naik: Now you're saying that you have a career gap right? And now, to convert that into a job, you are facing difficulties. That is what you're saying.
souradeep: Yes, sir.
Krish Naik: Now the thing is that after learning things now, my suggestion would be that whenever you have a career gap right? 1st of all, start looking for internships. Okay, keep on applying for full time jobs. But don't let the career gap get increased, at least start doing the internship itself.
Krish Naik: Right internships are very easy to get instead of a full time job. If you have a career gap right? So my suggestion would be that try to look for internships, or what are opportunities that you get, so that your career gap do not increase. And one time I know, once you are able to apply that to multiple jobs. Once you're able to apply it. Once you go for the interview, you will be able to crack it. Okay.
souradeep: Okay, sir, and in my resume, that means what Sanisar has taught that trading bot app, and that.
Krish Naik: You can add it, you can edit.
souradeep: Yes, sir, those things are there, but still I'm not getting calls means like means. What should be more, I do.
Krish Naik: So I'm telling you right. Try to look for internship. See? Getting calls will take a process. Just keep on applying it. You know you will be successful after some times. I know right now the market may not be looking good. Still, the financial year may be in that particular stage, so there may be different different scenarios. Right? So what I'm suggesting is that also parallelly apply for internships.
souradeep: Okay, sir. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.
Krish Naik: Thank you. Yeah. Next question, please.
Jadhav, Bhavana: I agree.
Saurabh Verma: Can I ask? Sorry, one more.
tanmoy: Hello!
Krish Naik: Yeah, Saurabharama, go ahead, Tanma. You can go next. Saurabarma. Go ahead.
Saurabh Verma: Yeah. So, sir, 2 questions, one technical, one non technical. So on the technical, I am working. I have a prospect who has asked me to create an application where a coach is having students, and then, based on the performance. The
Saurabh Verma: a assistant co-pilot should give the recommendation a very high level I'm sharing so now if I have to also suggest the architecture and how it will be done on production. So as of now, a, actually, I'm learning, I'm not an expert. So what I've suggested is, using the length chain lang graph length approach. Okay, just want to know that
Saurabh Verma: deployment on Cloud. So will that's considered under lang graph. Or I I need to go through like a bedrock or anything else for this to be deployed on production. Any early pointers you can give me, although you'll be covering this later on, which I can read through. And at least from pre-sales perspective suggest to them.
Krish Naik: See the 2 things that I I think you have asked right? One is related to deployment part right?
Saurabh Verma: Yeah, on production. If it has to go on production, then what should be the approach.
Krish Naik: See, there are multiple ways. 1st of all.
Krish Naik: Now you tell me whether you are using managed services, or whether you have a fine-tuned model.
Saurabh Verma: I have to suggest that also. So I want to take the simplest approach, not.
Krish Naik: But
Krish Naik: so now you tell me whether there is a fine tuning thing that is going to happen in your use case.
Saurabh Verma: It may happen. Because, how? Yeah. Because the coach assistant coach agent, how it is responding, then, the coach is already there physically. So the response will be compared by human in the loop. Kind of thing. Yeah.
Krish Naik: See? There are 2 things. If you're not doing fine tuning, you can directly use aws, bedrock services through that. What will happen is that you will be able to deploy directly into Ews, CC. To instance.
Saurabh Verma: Okay.
Krish Naik: If you are doing fine tuning, then you have to use aws. Sagemaker. Okay.
Saurabh Verma: Okay, okay? But ultimately, when we say length, change with these all whatever I mean the packages that will go on sagemaker or bedrock. Either of this right.
Krish Naik: Yes, yes, yes.
Saurabh Verma: Okay, so that is one now on the non technical part sorry for asking this, I. And thanks also, I enrolled for that AI pro batch. So it's very helpful. And the other thing is that yesterday I saw the scribble which you are using because I'm in pre sales yesterday explained. It helps me to tell the customer so. You are using a tablet on that you are writing, or it's how you.
Krish Naik: Tablet. I'm writing. Yeah.
Saurabh Verma: And which tablet you have taken, windows, tablet.
Krish Naik: Xp. Pen windows Xp. Pen.
Saurabh Verma: Xp pen I just saw on. Aws, it's a just a pen, or is it a tablet? Also?
Krish Naik: Tablet tablet, Xp. Pen, one tablet. With that you'll be getting this kind of pen. Also.
Saurabh Verma: And when you are writing on the tablet which is on your desk, so the screen is shown on the laptop screen, right, or your desktop screen.
Krish Naik: Desktop screen.
Saurabh Verma: Okay, it's it gets connected. Okay? Okay? Because what I'm seeing is that as a use case also for the pre sales people that when we are talking to a customer and when I'm talking, and I'm writing down the requirements and making wireframe then and there itself, and then using a transcript you know, I can then convert whatever discussion is there into a Brd business requirement document, and then at the end of the
Saurabh Verma: call the document is given to the customer. And now, I can do the estimation of what are the next steps are so reducing the time and using the technology and also showcasing him. And see how my AI based framework is helping quickly. You know, bridge, the requirement.
Krish Naik: For your use case, I would suggest, use this tool. This tool is good.
Krish Naik: xleutraw.com.
Saurabh Verma: Okay, okay, I understand.
Krish Naik: This is good.
Saurabh Verma: Oh!
Krish Naik: Because you need to convert that into use case. Yeah.
Saurabh Verma: Great, great. Thank you. Thank you. And that's what bye.
Krish Naik: Shikha, SIM says, Hi, I'm senior devops looking for transition elsewhere, looking a lot of opportunities here in a let's connect. Okay.
Krish Naik: yeah. Go ahead. Whom I said Tanmoy right.
tanmoy: Yeah, yeah.
Krish Naik: Done. Michael!
tanmoy: Yeah, yeah, a lot of the.
tanmoy: So actually, I was getting an error regarding this identity file. But in between, I was able to solve it
tanmoy: when I raised my hand. But there are other questions I wanted to ask.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Please. Go ahead.
tanmoy: Let's say, actually, like.
tanmoy: currently, let me just be specific. I am working in a kind of digital transformation, mainly in the industrial.
tanmoy: a transformation domain.
tanmoy: Oh, my use case is like, let's say
tanmoy: like if I can relate. So there are a lot of automation which we call it ot layer right?
tanmoy: It's it's a bit different the automation is not something like python. And all this, it's kind of these sensors are there. It's completely different, like in the IoT platform.
tanmoy: So what I am looking for is there any framework which can directly connect to the Opc. Ua protocol that either, like in the industry, have.
Krish Naik: No, no, there's no such thing.
Krish Naik: I think you have to write by your own.
tanmoy: Yeah, currently, what we are doing like there are like like in python. Also, it's but it's very difficult to to fetch those things. There are libraries that we can take the data, but
tanmoy: the support is very limited over there.
tanmoy: So in that use case, is there any any anything that that you have previously? Somewhere you have seen, or
tanmoy: something that you can help?
tanmoy: Because.
Krish Naik: I'm not.
tanmoy: This is is very good.
tanmoy: My use cases like like lot of of like protocols. Are there a lot of
tanmoy: Robots and everything are there, and they are. They are like generating immense amount of data.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
tanmoy: But we are not able to capture that because it's it's not in in Csv or or Json or Xml. Anything.
tanmoy: So that's that's the thing that that the problem that I have so just to
Krish Naik: Do one thing you know than I. I showed right show something so that you know people who are seeing over here. They may be experienced in that also, and they will be able to probably, you know, provide some more inputs. Okay, show some. Poc, okay.
Krish Naik: that I would request you, okay, than my.
tanmoy: Yeah, I have one. Poc, so yeah, I will. I can show it. But it's like, it's in the like factory. So I cannot directly everything. But I have poc, small poc, I can also tell, like, what are the frameworks that I'm actually having that out.
Krish Naik: And second thing like as for the deployment on the cloud, as for the Llm.
tanmoy: So some in some cases we have also like, have our databases, s. 2 SQL. Databases. So for now what I'm trying to do like
tanmoy: on those SQL databases, vectorize those to a vector TV and kind of get insights or get
tanmoy: get a build, a chat bot with those databases, and various other Pdfs, or something that the the other other kind of documents which are there right?
tanmoy: So can like. And I am want. I want to deploy that also into the some cloud like we, we are basically using Gcp.
tanmoy: who?
tanmoy: can. I? Can. I do that here, or how it is like only aws is also only that like. Here it is covered, only the aws is covered, or like azure, and Gcp.
Krish Naik: In our batch. Aws will be covered completely detailed. And we'll I'll tell my team to also show you Gcp azure will not be possible, because it requires a business account. Many people will not be happy.
tanmoy: Okay? And what? What about the Llm. Ops, like
tanmoy: what I'm I'm trying to understand the break of like, what? What? Exactly what we'll be learning here
tanmoy: in elementary.
Krish Naik: We'll show you deployments. We'll show you production deployments and all.
Krish Naik: Okay.
tanmoy: Yep.
Jadhav, Bhavana: Hello!
Simran: Hi!
sulaxan jadhav: Hello!
Krish Naik: Yes, please. Go ahead.
Simran: Can I speak?
Simran: Yep.
Simran: So, Hi Krish. So my question is around, you know, handling images in drag systems.
Simran: So we are working with Pdf documents that not only contain text, it contains text tables and the images. So particularly, they are technical drawings or
Simran: installation diagrams. So customer wants in the output like whether whenever you are asking a question if that is related to installation steps, so with each step we should be having the image in the output. So how we can. You know, deal this use case initially in the phase one we have used only text in the tables we did parsing, using Amazon text tract.
Simran: Then we we are using Amazon open search as a vector dB to store the embeddings. And then
Simran: then we are, you know, giving the output basis just the text and the text and the tables. But now we need to handle the images as well. And in the output we need to return those images with the text.
Krish Naik: Simran again. So much of information. Can you share your screen and show some Poc.
Simran: Yeah, yeah, I'm
Simran: But do you.
Krish Naik: There's a lot.
Simran: Okay. Yeah. Sure.
Krish Naik: Should I allow you to share your screen, or you want to share
Krish Naik: share your screen in the next class? See so much of information, is there not? Like, okay, okay, yeah.
Krish Naik: this. I'm doing that. I'm I'm like.
Simran: Okay, in short, I'll just tell you, in short, is just
Simran: there is an install there is a Pdf having text tables and images
Simran: user wants in the output text and images from the document from the Pdf document. He wants the exact image to be shown with the text information in the response of the Chatbot.
Krish Naik: See? I had seen this amazing article regarding text plus images. Okay, you can probably check it out. Okay.
Simran: Many use cases that gives response textual response considering images. But we want images in the output.
Krish Naik: Yes, yes, yes, yes, so
Krish Naik: multimodel. Embedding models are also there which combines text and images. Just check whether this will satisfy your needs or not.
Krish Naik: Hmm, once, okay, sure
Krish Naik: and definitely, when I probably would start developing things right? You can probably show me some of the use cases that you have developed. Okay.
Simran: Yeah, yeah, sure.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah, next, question.
sulaxan jadhav: Hello!
Krish Naik: Hi, Chris, can you?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
sulaxan jadhav: May I work.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Go ahead. Please.
sulaxan jadhav: Okay, good to see you, sir.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
sulaxan jadhav: I don't know. If you remember yesterday I was talking to you, I was taking a suggestion regarding making a agent for research paper. Do you remember.
Krish Naik: Yes.
sulaxan jadhav: Yes, so so I was able to make it, sir, using task orchestration. And it's
sulaxan jadhav: working perfectly fine. And the literature review area
sulaxan jadhav: right? So the Literature review area I used archive Rc toll call
sulaxan jadhav: to actually get the research paper literature review regarding the topic.
sulaxan jadhav: So one problem I was having over there that it was not fetching exact
sulaxan jadhav: paper papers. For example, I if I search regarding rags
sulaxan jadhav: so it will go to ourselves, but it will come up with some Mldl papers.
sulaxan jadhav: It it was doing something like this.
sulaxan jadhav: Was I able to tell you, or.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah, it is correct. Now, now, you see, you have done the 1st step. Now you have to look for patterns. How you can improve this line.
sulaxan jadhav: Yes, sir, so one concern I had. So when we usually do literature review, we don't really go to. Only Rc.
sulaxan jadhav: We go for the entire web like Research Gate we have, we have, I triple?
sulaxan jadhav: Can you give me some direction? How do I fetch from entire Internet like that?
Krish Naik: To the website.
Krish Naik: No. Instead of that, do the web search.
sulaxan jadhav: Okay.
Krish Naik: Because I don't know whether Research Gate is having or not. But do the web search.
sulaxan jadhav: Web. Search is free of cost.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah, it's free of cost.
sulaxan jadhav: Okay, okay, sir. I'm sharing my link just in case I I deployed it on streamlet. It's working fine.
sulaxan jadhav: And I I'll just share my link.
sulaxan jadhav: Did you have.
Krish Naik: Yeah, you can share it over here. Everybody will be able to see. You can use search or tablet search, and all. Whatever things you want.
sulaxan jadhav: Okay. So these will fetch more information. And we can have a better context like that.
Krish Naik: Later on we will try to also use. I'll show you agentic use cases like you can hit. At 1 point you can hit Rc, you can get some data. Then again, you can hit some other tool and you can get some data.
Krish Naik: You know.
sulaxan jadhav: Yes, yes, that was my concern, because it was only hitting our server, and it was not.
Krish Naik: No.
sulaxan jadhav: Watching.
Krish Naik: Cool. Thank you.
sulaxan jadhav: Exactly what we want.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
sulaxan jadhav: So is there a way to also define a prompt template like, you know? Exactly. Fetch like this, or.
Krish Naik: No need to go with prompt. I will show you with respect to Agentic AI application. Okay.
sulaxan jadhav: Okay. Great sir. Great. Great. Thank you.
surya: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Question, please.
surya: I appreciate it.
Krish Naik: Jadav, is there? Just yeah. Hi, Chris, Raju, you're here. Raj, yeah, yeah.
Jadhav, Bhavana: Actually, yeah, I I have my question related to my like career path. I'm into the non banking finance. Currently, I mean, more than 17 plus years working as a social architecture. So I've been following this, your playlist, and all the for more than 1 1 and a half year. I'm practicing from the deep learning and all those things. So now, what should be my like future path like? Should I try building some application on my own, or I should find some projects in my current
Jadhav, Bhavana: of company only so that I can build my yeah.
Krish Naik: There are 2 ways. 1st of all, you start doing a projects of your own, second in your company. Think of something that you can probably convert that project.
Jadhav, Bhavana: Yeah, I started getting one Poc, also, I will share it with you in the next session. Yeah, I started getting one Poc for, yeah, I think we are trying to build that also because I am the student of your 1.4 also. So I learned few things but couldn't concentrate much because of some problems. So I will try to be that. So I think this is a perfect path, like I should now try to build few projects over here, and as then I should try to find some good options outside the
Jadhav, Bhavana: my current form. Right? That should be the part.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Jadhav, Bhavana: Yeah, that's my question. Okay, thank you very much.
Krish Naik: Thank you.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Next question, yeah. Surya, go ahead.
surya: Yeah.
surya: basically, the use cases, like, we have a lot of legacy applications. And this is like a huge working data that is having multiple documentation along with the clients and others, to spend weeks of fixed time. You want to get new stuff, so is there any better approach
surya: in extracting the amount of metadata. Say it should be like. I have a simple use case also country, and it's also client. It should be able to understand. So what are the different approaches? Possibly in these kind of use cases.
Krish Naik: Say, this is related to your documents, and you're you're saying something about metadata, right? Because your voice is very
Krish Naik: no, no, a lot of Eco is there and not clear, I guess.
Krish Naik: Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead, please.
surya: Yeah, so specifically, when there may be 1570. Kind of so my point is, if I want to onward something. So there's no documentation about
surya: how to onboard it to a client or something right.
Krish Naik: So.
surya: So this should be easy way to expect. Okay, what is the existing configuration? So if an example about how to expect what is required from the database and export something.
Krish Naik: One.
surya: What are the possible approaches here? Promote experiment.
Krish Naik: See? When we talk about rag, right? There are multiple ways, how we can specifically do things. Okay.
Krish Naik: again, defining things right? It depends on what all issues you're facing right now.
Krish Naik: Okay, one information that you are able to say that you are facing issues related to your this analytics. Right? What to say. Sorry the metadata information right with respect to the metadata information. Yes. Am I right?
surya: It's spread across some 50 60 tables. So building that kind of documentation. Now it's getting trickier and time taking, and I can't trust the address of the people doing so. They take into so much time through things such something which can be faster
surya: oops.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Krish Naik: sir, can you show me something, at least to probably answer this properly and
Krish Naik: understood like you have dependency on many, many tables as such.
surya: Which is an office which I can't share. That's about.
Krish Naik: That is the reason I always ask for some. Poc demos, not. I can probably see.
surya: Okay. Probably next time.
Krish Naik: Thank you.
Krish Naik: Okay, next question, yeah.
K Pavankumar: Sir, actually, I have a query about the opportunities we have after completing this agency care. Actually, I am currently pursuing Btec. Finally.
K Pavankumar: do we have any opportunities for the pressures in these kind of.
Krish Naik: I'll I'll definitely let you know, sir, if I'm having anything right. The 1st thing will be that I'll be telling you.
K Pavankumar: Okay.
K Pavankumar: Thank you, sir.
Krish Naik: Yeah, thank, you.
tuhinmitra1: Yeah. Hi, Christian.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
tuhinmitra1: Hey? So I'm working for Kpmg for last 10 years. So for last 3 years, I'm working in.
tuhinmitra1: So recently, I got a project where basically I'm developing a AI quality agent.
tuhinmitra1: So what it does is basically ingest all the raw requirement in in the form of structured and unstructured data, right? And then it, it reads it, generate
tuhinmitra1: the functional and non-functional requirement in a like, it will basically create a traceability matrix and then eventually generate the test cases with steps and the expected results. Right? So I already built that solution. But the problem which I'm facing right now with the accuracy of the system. Right? Because whenever I
tuhinmitra1: I'm using this tool for a particular project, we have very limited documentation right? And I do have I? I do use use all this concept embedding concepts. Right? Vector database everything right? To get more accurate data. So I'm struggling to get the accuracy which can convince client right? And then eventually, I also build a solution to basically run
tuhinmitra1: the automated test cases. So once we generate the manual test case, we are converting into automation automated test cases and then eventually run it in the real time application.
tuhinmitra1: But the problem which I'm facing with the automation is like the hallucination. There are a lot of hallucination. It is not able to capture all the screens properly, and then, while generating the test case, it is not giving me the low level details.
tuhinmitra1: right?
tuhinmitra1: So how to how to basically have. So I already like I was. I was thinking that if I can provide more details about the screens or the workflows, right? Probably it will give more relevant results. So just wanted to understand your
tuhinmitra1: thoughts on this.
Krish Naik: Yes, sir, you should try to find out, like what all more additional information you are able to provide.
Krish Naik: Okay, if something is not working based on more context. If you provide, it will be great, etcetera.
tuhinmitra1: Okay.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Krish Naik: That is the thing. But again, I have to see the use case. What you're talking about.
tuhinmitra1: So I can. I will. Probably in the next class I will show a quick demo, right what what I have right now and then I will. I will. I will basically show you like the how the result is currently I'm getting. And then, what is the difference between the like, what I wanted to see and what I am getting right now. So yeah.
Krish Naik: Sure.
tuhinmitra1: Yeah.
Krish Naik: We'll do that, sir.
tuhinmitra1: Yeah, thank, you.
shikhasingh: It, hey, Krishika?
shikhasingh: Yes.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Chicago.
shikhasingh: Yeah. So, Krish, I'm currently in Dubai from one year, and I am a senior devops.
shikhasingh: So I'm trying to find a job here, and the main problem that I see here is like, there are. There is a lot of talent pool already here. Who are like looking for Job. Many are coming from India, and like they have very short notice period. So even like
shikhasingh: I get lesser calls. And sometimes when I do get calls. Then the problem is like, they need a lot of skills even for the skills which are like transferable. If I know aws, they also kind of like need azure. And they eventually get people who know all of that tools. So now I'm thinking that
shikhasingh: because of the AI advancement that is happening in gulp.
shikhasingh: You already know that from was here, and a lot of aws, also capital trying to capitalize the area. So I'm thinking to kind of like move to Mlops Domain. So now I don't know like what all skills I should focus on to like
shikhasingh: make the transition smoother.
Krish Naik: Yeah, but.
shikhasingh: It was the closest. Yeah.
Krish Naik: Mlops devops when we talk about, you know, you need to have knowledge with respect to most of the open source tools, right?
Krish Naik: And then, obviously with some of the cloud platforms, how you can work with that.
Krish Naik: And what I have seen is that nowadays companies are trying to, you know.
Krish Naik: Try to ask Lot many questions, and all right. So they will definitely try to see most of the skill sets and all. So that is the main reason with respect to that also right.
shikhasingh: Yeah, right? So the closest back, like the closest force that I could see where Llm. Ops is like discussed in your courses. Is this one where you have a end to end? Project coming up later on.
Krish Naik: Yeah, in that. What we are basically doing is that, see? I've also designed the syllabus. If you want, I can show you the syllabus. That'll definitely give you an idea like, what are things we are going to cover? Okay?
Krish Naik: So
Krish Naik: that way, I think. You should be able to see this just a second. Just give me a minute. I will just show you that particular use case.
Krish Naik: so this will just give you an idea why we are so much serious in probably creating all this stuff, you know.
Krish Naik: So this is the syllabus that we are planning to create. I'll just share my screen with you.
Krish Naik: because let it be devops. Mlops cloud part, whatever things you require, right becomes easy.
Krish Naik: So do you see this so.
shikhasingh: Yes.
Krish Naik: So from project setup to development or everything we'll do, we will be making sure to give this all things anaconda miraconda, python, pip Uvs code, extension, Jupyter, notebook, setup, tools, pythonenv and all. Not only that badge, docker, docker hub. So all these things will be there like
Krish Naik: so just just an example. Modular code, base design, Yaml configuration, Json.
Krish Naik: right, branch strategy, branching strategies, collaborating with teams with Github projects.
Krish Naik: logging debug level. Everything will be happening now, this is the 1st use case that we are going to do right. Document, chat, analysis and comparison portal with advanced drag. Okay.
Krish Naik: and here you will be able to see that we are going to create all these things ingestion, retriever, generator, chunking strategies, hugging face, Openai beach, generating embeddings, right cosine similarity, everything from vllms to Grok to quantized model unstructured. Pdf.
Krish Naik: everything you'll be able to see over here right? And here we're also going to add cag.
Krish Naik: then deployment pipeline. So this is really important. See Github. Action, ci. CD. Integration of Github, action workflow with Github repository, sonar cube integration for static code analysis with Github action aws secret manager, I am role Ecr register. All this stuff will be happening then, when we go to the next one here, you'll be able to see we are still adding more tools, right? Like dockers, kubernetes. Everything is basically getting added here.
Krish Naik: And if you still go forward here, you will be able to see that we are still seeing some more different things over here. Right? And this, how this is how we are basically doing here. We are using dynamo Dv
Krish Naik: infrastructure as a core deployment with Aws, Sam or terraform. So someone was asking about terraform, right? That also, we are doing over here right?
Krish Naik: And here also, you can see. So this, this is what is basically required. So when you have this much knowledge with respect to the project, right, I think
Krish Naik: you should be able to do it. I guess that is what is our.
shikhasingh: And on the AI. Yes, and on the Eiml front. What I need to cover to get the basics, because in their Jd, they do write like basics of Mln.
shikhasingh: Keep learning.
Krish Naik: In aiml. And all right, you need to be good at almost basic stuff, you know, because any question can be asked right. There is no such thing as such. Any question can be specifically asked. Anybody can ask anything as like, What is this? What is that? Okay? If there is a concept of text embedding what does text embedding actually mean? What is what 2 way somebody can ask anything. So my suggestion would be that parallelly. You need to probably learn all this things. Stuff right?
Krish Naik: Hmm.
shikhasingh: Right? Right? Well, thanks a lot.
Krish Naik: Next question.
vishal: Hi, Krish, this is Vishard. Thank you for your fantastic session once again. So my question is, like I'm working on one of the Poc which is having like large Pdf document, and it is primarily in a Hindi text. So I have used openai embedding and to convert data and stored into our vector database kind of thing.
vishal: And then when I'm trying to attempt to search for particular topic. I'm not getting that desired results like, I have a Poc handy. Also, I can show you, in case if you want it to see. But I need your inputs. Like what? All the areas I have to be concentrate or something I missed out
vishal: like, how I can get the desired result. If if a user searched particular text in Hindi itself, whether he able to get it from that Pdf. Using the Llm.
Krish Naik: Let's see.
Krish Naik: this is all about. Whenever you are using a rag, how good context you'll be able to get from the vector database. Okay.
Krish Naik: remaining all Llm. Whatever you give him with respect to the prompt, it will be able to do it. Okay.
Krish Naik: the main important thing is that how accurately are able to get the context from the database that you have integrated over there. Right? And with respect to that, only, you have to explore multiple things. So that is the reason why I'm saying right. Whenever you show something. Whenever you ask anything, show me some poc demos.
Krish Naik: and from next class please make sure to do that, because by seeing the demo, I can probably suggest, okay, this is basically happening. This is what you're looking at. Okay, this is how you have implemented it. This is what you can basically do that. See? Right now, you're just. I think many of you are basically just implementing traditional racks.
Krish Naik: Now, when you go with agentic rags. And all right, there are much more better rags that have come till now.
Krish Naik: Okay, which is basically able to do much more better work.
Krish Naik: Does that make sense what I'm actually saying.
vishal: Right? Right? Krish, yeah, I'm getting it. I have a Poc handy. Also, I can share it right now. Also, if you want it. Otherwise we can take it in the next session.
Krish Naik: Yeah, sure from next session. Because let me start Langchain. 1st of all, okay, I want to. Probably 1st of all explain you things. And then you basically ask the question, then it'll be good, because many people will also be here. They will also put up their own ideas.
vishal: Okay, got it. And 1, 1 more question I have. It's just like a generic input. I need it from your end. With respect to biometric validation. I'm working another use case where I have to go with the liveliness of. I have to capture the liveliness of the user, and I need to verify whether it's a valid user or not, based on their input documents.
vishal: So what all the libraries I can go for it, or I can check it. Like. There are a lot of things. Opencv is one of the thing which I have. Find it out, which is useful.
vishal: But apart from that, anything specifically, I can go for it. If you are aware about.
Krish Naik: Opencv is best, because it is a very lightweight library. I would not suggest to use any other libraries, and Opencv has so much of properties which you can extract many details from the images or video frames.
vishal: Yeah, thank you. Thanks.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Brahmaji Garuda: Hey! Hey! Chris!
Ashwin Gavi: Yes.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Please. Go ahead.
Ashwin Gavi: yeah. So I wanted to ask about like, recently, we had one afterthought.
Ashwin Gavi: and we had a use case of developing a personalized yeah, health history.
Ashwin Gavi: So in that we were basically using a framework autogen
Ashwin Gavi: to implement a multiple agent system. So my 1st question to you is like, will we be able to achieve everything
Ashwin Gavi: with land graph as well? Whatever we with.
Krish Naik: Yes.
Krish Naik: a lot of different different frameworks. Just understand in this way. Okay, some framework will have some more additional properties. Some way. Framework will have some other features
Krish Naik: right.
Krish Naik: So let it be auto J, and let it be lang graph. All will be able to do same thing with respect to the application. But there are some purpose why this frameworks are developed.
Ashwin Gavi: Okay, yeah.
Ashwin Gavi: And yeah, after that, like, in the final round, we had a question from our CTO, right.
Ashwin Gavi: how are we validating it like means,
Ashwin Gavi: see? Personalized AI health agent is one who will create
Ashwin Gavi: create yeah plans for us. Health plans based on the variable data and all those things. So his question was like, How should I? Or why should I believe on your
Ashwin Gavi: on your Ea agent?
Krish Naik: No. What we should do is that based on the data that we have, we'll create Llm evaluators. Okay, so there is one kind of workflow, even a line graph which will learn wherein we create evaluators who will be evaluating a specific thing.
Krish Naik: Okay? So it's like using Llm to evaluate something.
Krish Naik: and that will be doing that specific work.
Ashwin Gavi: Okay, like we were, we were thinking to solve it like, we will use this pub made. And
Ashwin Gavi: who all those Apis, and already we have all those medical reports and everything there in this Api, so we can probably fetch it from there. Compared with the existing plan which we have created, using our AI, and
Ashwin Gavi: oh, like that, we can validate it.
Krish Naik: Yeah, you can
Krish Naik: see, I have some use cases defined in the class. Also, we will try to do that. Okay.
Ashwin Gavi: Yeah, yeah, sure, yeah. And like, this is, it's just a personal question.
Ashwin Gavi: Actually, I'm a.net developer with the angular. I I'm I'm I'm just very curious with this AI thing and
Ashwin Gavi: all this so I started doing, masters commits in Ds and AI as well. But that's not that comprehensive, I I would say, like, they're just covering theoretical things. And but yeah, eventually, I want to transition in this aiml career path. So how how would I do that?
Krish Naik: Cover the syllabus. That's it. Start from the basic.
Krish Naik: I know you're you're here in this particular batch. But parallelly learn from the basic also that would also be my suggestion. Learn everything because AI is there, it will get required in every industry. That is what I feel. You can just see right how many changes have happened in 2 to 3 years? Right? We did not had Llms also before right? We were using machine learning, deep learning models, each and everything slowly, slowly. Now you can see so many things are being built right.
Ashwin Gavi: Yeah, yeah, sure. Sure. Yeah. And I would appreciate like, if you have any use cases or something like that.
Ashwin Gavi: I'll be happy to contribute.
Krish Naik: Sure, sure.
Brahmaji Garuda: Hey, Krish, this is Brahmaji. Here.
Krish Naik: Magical. Yeah.
Brahmaji Garuda: Okay, so I currently work in telecom domain. And we have a law, large telecom knowledge database. So what we support users using rest. Api, that's how the integration happens. So what happens is we get this call flow data also is there and offline also, is there? They query, our database asking for fraudulent data and everything. So.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Brahmaji Garuda: As part of it for future proofing it. We wanted to do something called 2 things, one, we want to enable natural language querying
Brahmaji Garuda: instead of an Api, basically, it's a more structure, right? We have a model and everything. We want something national language querying also, and second, to ensure future support for AI driven agents, because 3rd party.
Brahmaji Garuda: like at and T can at and T or Atel, they they can have their own agents, and they can interact with our Mcp server
Brahmaji Garuda: getting the data so to future to have these both, how can I like, can we implement an M Cp. Server for natural language querying.
Krish Naik: Yes, you can do that and I think in the future there is also like agent to agent that is going to come up
Krish Naik: so agent to agent communication will also be coming. See one problem with this natural language to SQL. Query. Right it is. It becomes difficult when the complexity of the schema and tables are there.
Krish Naik: If you have hundreds of tables, then it becomes very, very difficult, and you cannot be dependent on this. Okay, I've seen where people have tried to generate automated queries with the Llm. And it was complex queries. But at the end of the day the main thing is that most of the SQL. Databases most of the schemas that you're going to use is very, very complex.
Brahmaji Garuda: So we use database dynamo.
Krish Naik: No secret database. Then you can try it out. Yes, you can do it. No worries for that.
Krish Naik: Okay. But here you have to do that is in system, prompt, right in the prompt that you basically create, you have to give some 10 to 15 different suggestions like, how the query needs to be generated like some sample of queries along with the output, like what you are getting it, and I think it will be possible.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Brahmaji Garuda: Okay, so do you suggest, like creating our Mcp server, or we create our own. So again, this, these are my thoughts.
Krish Naik: That that is the thing. Right nowadays. People are talking about Mcp, but still, to evolve right, it'll take time right? You can do it in both the ways. Either you can do it in the form of Mcp server, or directly you can create in the form of tools. Okay.
Brahmaji Garuda: Okay. Okay.
Brahmaji Garuda: Thank you.
Krish Naik: Yes, please.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: So following our yesterday's discussion, like
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: I have created, I'm working on fine tuning use case.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: So I have captured some information
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: in the word document. So can you please allow me to share my screen to discuss it.
Krish Naik: This is related to which kind of use case you're talking about.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: So. I'm working on. Legal invoice, billing, violation, detection, and
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: There we are! We are fine tuned, the model.
Krish Naik: To detect the violation.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: And now the thing is, we have fine tuned, our model.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: But while doing the inference we are not able to generate the reason for that particular.
Krish Naik: Do you have the poc ready.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: Yes, Karish, I have some examples being
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: returning on my word, document.
Krish Naik: More to the panelists, to it.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: Okay.
Krish Naik: And then you can share your screen. Yes, please tell the next question.
Devesh: Yeah. Hi.
Sainath Reddy: Hi.
Krish Naik: Do we scored.
Devesh: Actually, I'm working as an android developer.
Devesh: So like, during every OS upgrade, like, if we want to upgrade from Android 13 to 14. So we have to put all the changes from Android 13 to 14.
Devesh: So like, after porting all the changes you have to check, whether all the changes from the various teams or department have been ported or not.
Devesh: So for that I have created one tool which will like which will check whether all the patches has been ported or not. So like I'm passing the patch file like the patch. This file and the actual file some dot Java Cpp file, and I'm checking that patch file through that particular file. Original file that this particular patch is present or not like passing the file in the prompt like user input and the prompt with the prompt.
Devesh: But what is hectic like? The the answer. The response from the AI side is not consistent like. It's changing for the same patch or same file. It's giving various answer, like, sometimes it's saying, present, sometimes it's saying, not present. So can you suggest me some
Devesh: that solution for this.
Krish Naik: So from system. Prompt you are not. It is not working right. You're saying.
Devesh: Yeah.
Devesh: or I have to implement rack for this, because there are so.
Krish Naik: Rag. Yeah, 1st try out with rag. Okay?
Krish Naik: And then if it does not work with rag, then we have to do fine tuning. That is the only process. Hmm.
Devesh: Okay. Fine tuning of the model.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Devesh: Okay?
Devesh: And suppose in a, in a file function call, is there like function? Declaration? Is there then function call? Is there? So will this, handled by rag or.
Krish Naik: Because it will be multiple
Krish Naik: function calling will be there. Then see all the data you need to just store in drag. Right. That is what you have to basically do right now.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Krish Naik: and just try to take that data from there. I think with the rag it should be able to do it. Just do it and let me know next class. Okay.
Devesh: Okay, guys, thank you.
Krish Naik: Just a second, just a second, just a let me share a screen. Sign up ready? Then you can go. Okay.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: Is the screen visible.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: Yeah. So basically, I'll brief the problem. So it's a multi class classification problem.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: And we also wanted to generate the human like reasoning for that particular classification.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: So what we did, we fine tuned the 5 4 model with the 14 billion parameters.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: and the number of lines which we took was around 25,000 25,000
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: and number of classes which are there are 17,
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: and this is the these are the 2 examples from my supervised fine tune data.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: So basically, I have big, base prompt here as a system prompt. So
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: it's there in in the notepad. I'll show you that.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: So basically, this is the this is the base system prompt which I have written to. To explain. What's the background about
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: the per, that particular problem statement. And what are the what are all possible categories to predict?
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: And then the then there is the
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: line which is getting passed by the just a second.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: This is the line specifically, which is built by the the law firm.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: And this is the label which is basically needed to be generated by the model.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: So this is the super fine tune that I created. So so these are only 2 lines. Basically, there are around 25,000 lines
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: for which I fine tune this 5, 4 model.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: So what's happening is we are getting the proper language model output from those 17 categories only on the fine tune model
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: after that, following that particular
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: conversation with the language model when I put the reasoning, prompt as this, like, give a brief reason for this prediction, and
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: provide a descriptive explanation for the reason
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: what problem I am facing like for most of the output. I am getting
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: out of those 17 categories only.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: So like, I think I'm facing the catastrophic model is facing the catastrophic forwarding phenomenal. So.
Krish Naik: So how many categories are there.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: So there are total 17 categories.
Krish Naik: So you are getting one of those categories you're saying.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: Yeah, after the follow up like so when we pass. So while while inferencing what I'm doing 1st time pass.
Krish Naik: No, no, I'm I'm talking about. Can you show the working ones?
Krish Naik: Show the working? If you have.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: Actually the working like. It's just a a you know, language model Api call wherein we'll pass this role, and the
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: and the content of the user. And afterwards language model will written with this, like, it's assistant and content will be the adventure.
Krish Naik: Hmm, okay. So tell me how what kind of output you want. 1st of all.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: So after this, what I'll do so let's say, till this state I am completed, and what I'll do, I'll again pass role as user and content as this reasoning prompt. So user so language model should give me the
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: reasoning for this particular violation, why, it is admin scheduling like.
Krish Naik: So you're not getting the reasoning.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: Yeah, in the follow up thing. Only I am also getting one of the 17 categories.
Krish Naik: So do one thing, no reasoning part. You do that in the vector database.
Krish Naik: See? Very simple. Here you are getting that output as admin scheduling right now, based on this keyword, go and do the vector set search and probably get that particular reasoning part.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: Actually, there is no vector search or so basically the reasoning, what I mean is like.
Krish Naik: No, no! What I'm saying is that I don't know how you have done the fine tuning, what data you have created. I I have no clue. I have no clue. What? What kind of data you have basically trained, with, what format you have used, what data annotation technique you have used. What technique of fine tuning you have used. You are saying that I'm getting till admin scheduling right? You have getting the answer like, based on like, what kind of what is this
Krish Naik: label? You are getting correctly the predicted label. You are getting correctly, but you are not getting the reasoning correctly. You're saying.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: Hmm, hmm! So we haven't used we haven't fine tuned the model to generate the reasons. We only have the model.
Krish Naik: So that is the reason why I'm saying is that you put that reasoning part in the vector dB, additional work. The reason why I'm saying is that because that will keep on getting updated, multiple reasons may keep on getting added right.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: Hmm, hmm, okay.
Krish Naik: Once you generate this particular label based on this label, do the search on the vector dB and get the context and then probably give the detailed explanation out.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: Okay. Okay.
Krish Naik: Okay. Understood.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: Hmm, yeah. So we need to think on that way. Okay, okay.
Krish Naik: Okay, okay, perfect. Stop sharing your screen. Nimesh.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: I have one more use case.
Krish Naik: Oh, yeah, yeah. Please tell me.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: So I written it out. So basically, I'm working on one Poc. So wherein there are different data sources which are connected through the Apis.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: and I wanted to have capability of my system wherein the user
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: so user query can be to create some visualizations charts.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: So I wanted to know like, are there any tools like.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: like, we say, like tablet, tool or oxy tool? So are there any tools which which can give the chart from the data and the query.
Krish Naik: Visualization chart. Normally, Llm. Will be able to give. No.
Krish Naik: it will be able to generate by using matplot, lib, or any other libraries.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: Okay? So basically, you are, suggesting to generate the python code in Macdo plotted.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: And then execute that in okay.
Krish Naik: Convert that chart save into an image and do the necessary things. Okay.
Neemeesh Aasheesh Khanzode: Okay. Krish, thank you.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah, yeah, next, question, please, yeah.
william nguma: Hello!
Krish Naik: Yeah. Go ahead. William.
william nguma: Yeah, Chris, I am. I'm very interested in
william nguma: that mean completing the class. But.
william nguma: You know my current work schedule
william nguma: can't permit me on Sunday to have the class. So is there a way that your Academy can help
william nguma: to cover up for that Sunday class.
Krish Naik: No, William, like you have to probably see the recording then.
Krish Naik: because we cannot repeat the class, we cannot take it in the weekdays, because none of them are comfortable. Everybody is comfortable in the weekend.
william nguma: Okay.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
william nguma: Wow, so okay, now, I have a anyway, I would just
william nguma: I would. I would. I would try to look at the recording and follow up with this.
Krish Naik: Sure.
william nguma: Yeah, thank you. Because I can't afford a business class.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Sure. Please. Thank.
william nguma: You
Krish Naik: Yeah. Next, question, please.
Sainath Reddy: Like my.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Renuka, go ahead.
Renuka: So I had a question and I wanted to know the like. The difference between Mcp and Federated learning a bit.
Krish Naik: Federated Learning and Mcp.
Krish Naik: ma'am, just give me some time till I complete Langchain. So then those things will basically come. See? At 1 point of time. When I finish rag right, there's all topics will come. Okay.
Renuka: Okay? Because like, I am a data scientist. So currently, we have this use case of like, we are building Llm from scratch. And we also are working on some you know, protected and security and the hospital data. So
Renuka: we are having the data on their server, right? So we are having such multiple hospitals that we might, you know, collaborate with. And we will use their data. But we cannot get the data out of their servers. So it's very new to us, like we have been asked then to, you know, explore the federated learning part. So we are.
Krish Naik: No, ma'am, I understood. I understood. See that I what I what I what I know is that like, since you're working with this kind of data. This kind of data are not these are centralized data. It can be available in multiple locations. Okay?
Krish Naik: And what you are planning to probably do is that train a machine learning model on this specific model, since it will not be available at one specific place.
Krish Naik: Right? This is what you're trying to do. And you cannot compare this with Mcp. Okay, Mcp is completely different. Mcp is like companies having some kind of service or tools, and it is exposing it to the other tools so that they can directly use it. Okay, so, federated learning is another branch of machine learning altogether like you'll be able to see that, like I will be having. I'll be training one model, and it will be taking the data from 5 sites to train that model.
Renuka: Right.
Krish Naik: That is how it takes, does, you know. But again, there are multiple challenges in that, because, you need to. Probably
Krish Naik: like. See, this is all a data distributed data, right? And getting the data, sharing it in centrally. I've never worked in this kind of use case till now again. Never got that opportunity to work in this use case.
Renuka: Exactly. Actually, this is, this is entirely new to us, and we also are like nobody has worked on that. So 1st of all, we'll have to establish the server connections and the client. So we are kind of struggling and.
Krish Naik: I think. Ibm is one cloud platform which supports this. So you should definitely try and talk with Ibm because they also provide data security part, and all. So not many features are there. I think I spoke with one of the CTO. We were talking about this federated learning and what they are developing.
Krish Naik: I think you should definitely go ahead and try this out.
Renuka: Okay, yeah, we'll try that. And we be.
Krish Naik: Interesting use, case, very interesting use, case.
Renuka: So thank you. But and I also want to actually talk about you regarding some. Because I'm a data scientist who I'm also a healthcare expert. So I have the domain expertise as well as the Ds you know.
Renuka: background. And so I, my work is currently on that aspect where I work as a in the Drug Development and Drug Discovery Company, so it utilizes the healthcare knowledge as well as the
Renuka: technicalities in that aspect. So yes, maybe I can have a discussion with you if time, if you are available, and
Renuka: if if it permits.
Krish Naik: Go. Man, yes, sure.
Sanjay: Yeah, Hi, goodness.
Sanjay: yeah. So Chris, basically working on a Poc wherein there are thousands of Pdfs and what documents for different vertical units. So in that scenario, you want to use the rag and create a multi agent actually for different different business unit.
Sanjay: So how can we do that using some frameworks, or which framework will be good.
Krish Naik: For the agentic.
Sanjay: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Sanjay: Yeah, for the agentic. One.
Krish Naik: Say, 1st of all, start with lang graph. Okay? Then, when we go to the another framework, we'll compare each and every framework. It depends completely on use case to use case basis. Okay for me, if you suggest that, hey? I want to probably develop a very, very complex workflow, I'll say, lang graph
Krish Naik: eyes closed line graph
Krish Naik: just now. I showed you there before yesterday. Example, right? They start software development cycle life cycle. You saw that. How complex that workflow was.
Sanjay: Yeah, that is actually, basically they were. The idea is actually the complete that data is spreaded, that actually, the documents which are I'm talking about the Pdf, and all these things though those are spread actually in different different for different business unit, different places.
Sanjay: So we need to aggregate that and create a multi agent. Centralized multi agents for different different business unit where they can pull the status, do a rack on top of that
Sanjay: and try to give the no response. What the user query response are it should be around. Let's say I'm good with a good accuracy. Kind of things. Because on a day to day basis, they want to use.
Sanjay: So in such scenario. Do you use actually any open source framework as actually like a lot of.
Krish Naik: I'd always suggest that use open source frameworks. But deployment part. You have to probably do it in some kind of cloud.
Sanjay: But but how could we integrate? Actually the suppose we can use the creeby framework, how to integrate with the Suppose aws, or, as you are actually.
Krish Naik: You don't need to integrate right? This is deployable in any cloud platform. It supports.
Sanjay: Okay? And if you create, if you use the open a framework or something like that, so we can, we can. Suppose I want to use the azure support, let us say so. In that case they will be interested actually to deploy in the azure one. But some parts of azure. Also, you know, model has to be used. So can you.
Krish Naik: Yes.
Sanjay: Both the framework for major site as well as from the open source side.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Just go and see in Creo azure or aws, all those features are there. Lang graph can also be integrated with Creo AI! Everything is there.
Sanjay: But as you can be integrated with also this lang wrap and language kind of.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You can use azure, open AI services.
Sanjay: Okay, is there is there any learning or videos actually, wherein you have? You have demonstrated some kind of no capabilities over.
Krish Naik: Nothing as such, but we'll try to cover as much as in this particular sessions like in the upcoming sessions. Okay.
Sanjay: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Sainath Reddy: Hi Krish.
Krish Naik: Yes, please.
Sainath Reddy: Right? So actually, I was a deep learning architect. So we build pocs for customers. So previously, we used to build using land graph land chain. But we stopped using those. Why? Because of
Sainath Reddy: there was still dependency issues over there because of the as you as you as you discussed last time as well. So some of the modules are being. Keep on moving. So now, and the last class you mentioned that it is. It is a little bit stable now. So then, how how much confident I can be that I can use those and build a build the solutions, because at the end those solutions will move to the production. So.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah. Now, now, it is very safe. Now you can go ahead and use it. Okay, now it is almost stabilized. Everything is stabilized properly.
Krish Naik: So you don't have to worry about anything. Okay.
Sainath Reddy: Okay? And one more question. So actually, we are developing a solution to to the customer, the use cases we are developing Ivr solution.
Sainath Reddy: where we so where we have to integrate the AI applications over there. So in that case, we are thinking of using land graph, because there are so many of Api calls. It's been happening over there to connect to the different applications, getting the data back so that we can show it to so that so that those can be discussed with the customer with the caller
Sainath Reddy: and get some confirmation on that.
Sainath Reddy: So so we heard that when we use the lang graph. And we try to move the solution into the lex bot.
Sainath Reddy: So there are some compatibility issues happening. So are you. Are you any aware of that?
Krish Naik: No, no, sir.
Sainath Reddy: Okay.
Krish Naik: See all this kind of things we will only face when we try to implement it right.
Krish Naik: unless and until I don't have that particular scenario. I've not faced that. It is very difficult to say that.
Sainath Reddy: Okay, no worries, no worries at all. Thank you so much.
Krish Naik: Yeah. No worries.
Sainath Reddy: Have been learning your sessions from last 5 to 6 years, so.
Krish Naik: Thank you, sir.
Sainath Reddy: Yeah, thank, you.
Krish Naik: Thank you. But I hope your learning experience is amazing. Right?
Sainath Reddy: Yes, so because of you initially, I moved with the Ml. Ml. Engineer, and later I got an opportunity. In the internally I moved to domain.
Krish Naik: And.
Sainath Reddy: So I work. I work for aws, actually, so, yeah.
Krish Naik: Wow! Amazing congratulations!
Sainath Reddy: Yeah, thank you. So it's been like 3 years. I was working with aws.
Krish Naik: Next question, please.
Krish Naik: Okay, perfect guys.
Krish Naik: It's very tiring, you know, getting up at morning 8 am.
Krish Naik: One and a half, 2 h, 2 and a half hours teaching and then probably taking up one and a half hour, doubt clearing right?
Krish Naik: But yes, the fun part is that we get to talk to many people like this, we get to see many use cases, but I'd request, see, the most fruitful discussion will happen when you pro probably bring up some Pocs. You show them, Krish. This is working, and now we have to probably go ahead with the next step.
Krish Naik: and then some of the people in this group can say that, hey? We'd be happy to work with you. Then you can communicate in Linkedin with yourself, and then probably make a team work together, solve multiple things this way, you'll be able to see multiple use cases. The best
Krish Naik: way that I've created in this batch is that we have experienced people. We have freshers, freshers will be able to see this kind of energy from the experienced people. Experienced people can see the Zill that freshers are putting in order to learn the specific technologies, they can utilize them.
Krish Naik: and they can probably do all this stuff right at the end of the day. It is a win win situation for everyone who is learning over here. Right? And you know, please make sure. I know some people will not be patient over here, but I would suggest, please be patient. With respect to all the queries that is asked.
Krish Naik: It is important. Everybody will be able to probably answer this right? So thank you. Guys.
Krish Naik: Renuka, you want to talk anything. Sorry?
Krish Naik: Yeah. Unmute.
Krish Naik: Okay, fine. So thank you. Everyone. Keep on rocking. And after the session, like how today I have shared in the chat, you are able to chat with everyone itself, you know. Similarly, we'll be able to do this again and again, after every session I will keep the chat open. You can chat with yourself, give suggestions, do anything that you want, but our learning pattern that you'll be seeing in the future will be quite amazing, and we'll be learning more amazing things itself.
Krish Naik: So thank you. Everyone have a great day. Have a wonderful Sunday, enjoy the rest of the week, but also don't at least provide 1 h of learning of your time of a day to day, and try to learn things. In the next session. We'll be coming up with Langchain, and we will start working with some of the things we'll start with traditional rags, and we'll do multiple things itself. So thank you, everybody. This was it from my side signing off. And I'll see you all in the next weekend class. Bye, bye, take care, have a great day. Thank you.
Krish Naik: Thank you. Everyone. Thank you.